Without nipples, boobs would be pointless.The new prisoner was loud and obnoxious but his cellmate was able to rectify the problem.
Went to a meating last week, the place was full of butchers.
I don't mean to be offensive, but I really love all stereotypes; boomboxes are my favorite.
Somebody in the USA has no clue that today will be his last day with 10 fingers.
Get off that chair, back straight, head up; I stand, corrected.Eye jokes, the cornea, the better.
My wife gave such a brilliant talk on women’s reproductive cycle, she got a standing ovulation.
Justice is a dish best served cold, because, if it were served warm, it would be justwater.
I’m gonna go stand outside- If anyone asks, I’m outstanding
A Zen Humor master uses noneliners.
The best way to carve wood is whittle by whittle.
A lot of women actually turn into good drivers, so if you're a good driver, watch out for women turning.
y = mx + c
My wife and I have split up over my obsession with horoscope jokes, because, in the end, it Taurus apart.
Lost my job as a sign writer today because, apparently, "psychotherapist" is just one word.Just to level the playing field, add soil.
If I had a crystal ball I'd sit down very carefully.
I can’t stand when I have to poop.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
My pet hate's being poked in the eye. My pet hates being poked in the eye too.
Sleep is my drug, my bed is my dealer and my alarm clock is the police.
Staying up all night throwing dices is often Risky behavior.I failed as a ladder salesman; I just couldn't seem to get a leg up in the biz.
I can't tell you how long I've been in this clock repair shop for.
A noose is probably the chillest of knots, since it's always ready to hang
I heard that marble counter-tops are going on strike because they’re tired of being taken for granite
If your phone auto corrects "fuck" to "duck," it's okay to keep it...It's still fowl language.My son met a girl at boxing club, but I don't think they'll Everlast.
The reason why we never see hippos hiding in trees; is because they're very good at it.
I bought a fake hard drive, and I didn't like it - not one bit.
I like my women like I like my tower 7. Going down on me for no reason. That's an inside joke 9 out of 11 people won't get.
I have two places I could tie off my one boat. It's quite the paradox.
Old people at weddings started poking me, saying, "You're next", so i started doing the same rhing to them at funerals.I named my dog 8 miles so I can tell people that I walk 8 miles every single day.
Maybe if we all emailed the constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it.
My wife dropped her epilepsy medicine in the washing machine so her clothes don’t fit anymore.
I went to the zoo to watch the monkeys wanking and then went to the elephants and I was still wanking.Vaccuums suck.
I love to tell dad jokes, and sometimes he laughs.
I don't understand the relevance of the last four letters in the queue.
I'm taking Viagra for a sunburn. It doesn't cure it but it does keep the sheets off my legs.
Smoking will kill you and bacon will kill you, but, smoking bacon, will cure it.
No one I ask seems to be able to tell me what idk stands for.If you run in front of a car you'll get tired...But if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted
Scientists say the universe is made up of protons, neutrons and electrons, but they forgot to mention morons.
After a bug splats on the windshield, my Granpa would say, "he'll never have the guts to try that again."
Whose cruel idea was it for the word "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
I lived in an apartment where sauron was just one moredoor down from me.
"I'm sorry" and "I apologize" generally mean the same thing, except at funerals.
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
This blonde stuck lipstick in her ear because she was trying to make up her mind
I'm so good at sleeping, that I can do it with my eyes closed.My canary makes all sorts of promises but then talk is cheap
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Aeroplanes aren't my favourite form of transport, but they're up there.
I get LIVID when I forget how to write 51, 6, and 500 in Roman numerals.
I used to be a circumciser but I missed and got the sack.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it, so I said. "Implants?"
Asked my japanese farmer friend why he needs to milk the cows even on Sundays, he said “because it’s a dairy task”.
Never make an arm wrestling bet with a man that has been single for longer than 6 months.
What's a "translator"?
If a quiz is quizzical, then what does that make a test?I'm so poor, I can't even pay attention.
Amazingly, I successfully predicted that I'd win fuck all on the lottery last night.
My girlfriend broke up with me today because she say's I'm crazy and I'm starting to regret all the effort I put into protecting her from the king of the potato people.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m a solipsist
I once did stand up at a weightlifting competition, but it was a tough crowd.
No matter how far you push the envelope, it will still be stationary.
The same people who allow millions to die in the third world by inaction, you are alive because thousands of them each chose not to kill you
Stephen Hawkins was so paranoid. Always looking over his shoulder..
Did I have type A blood or was it a type O
I want to die in my living roomYou can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because its past tents.
Anything is a boomerang if you throw it straight up and it comes down
During Vietnam I was stationed in Poontang, crawled my way out through blood to get out.
My wife says i never complete anythiMy buddy dared me to fart into my trombone, but I didn't want to toot my own horn.
schrodingers immigrant is a person who lays around all day living off welfare while simultaneously stealing your job
The word "cyclops" should be spelt "cycliops" so that it has one "I".
My job circumcising elephants doesn’t pay much, but the tips are huge.
I hate plastic wrap, it's tear-able
Parallel lines have so much in common, but it’s a shame they’ll never meet.I got a job building Egyptian tombs, but it turned out to be a pyramid scheme.
If you lose one sense, your other senses are enhanced and this is why people with no sense of humor, have a heightened sense of self-importance.
Flatulence is exhausting
Not only am I a master of suspense, butAt any given moment, the urge to sing, “The Lion Sleeps Tonight” is just a whim away, a whim away, a whim away.
Get your bowl ready for some "Split Pea Soup" because this acrobat has a weak bladder. (Pee)
When I asked the librarian if they had any books on paranoia, she whispered, “They’re right behind you.”
I avoid frugality at all costs.
Auto-surgery? Suture self!
I find that a duck's opinion of me is influenced by whether or not I have bread.
I once wanted to move to Finland, but I'm Fininsh with that idea.
Vulva: a Swedish car that's due for a cervix
My neighbors are listening to great music whether they like it or not.A magician was walking down the street and turned into a grocery store.
Not for nothing, but I am opposed to nihilism.
I never eat broths; you could say I'm a bit souperstitious.
I invented the cold air balloon but it never really took off.
I wouldn’t kill myself if my life depended on it.
So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere.
I totally understand how batteries feel because I’m rarely ever included in things either.
I asked my North Korean friend if things were now better there, he said he couldn't complain.
Lord nelson was about 5ft 6 however, his statue is 17ft which is Horatio of about 3:1.There's a sex competition soon where the prize is £10k - I'm rooting for my son.
It goes without saying that...
Cows have hooves instead of feet because they lactose.
¿Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
I take a shower every month if I need it or not
Peter Dinklage always gets away with telling little white lies.
Rip boiling water, you will be mist.They say talk is cheap, but my phone bill is through the roof.
I had a very unhealthy diet as a kid; you wouldn't believe how many aeroplanes I ate.
Those terrified of negativity fail to realize the root of all their fears is imaginary.
Jenga teaches children that if you work hard and spend a lot of time on something, some idiot will come along and ruin it all for you.
A friend asked if I'd help him move a dead body. I gave him the cold shoulder.
Just saw a man in the supermarket tell a packet of cheese to fuck off, how dairy.
I guess XXXTENTACION has XXXPIRED...
I think we all need to think more about the welfare of Stacy's dad.
I ordered a pillow case from a questionable web site. Sure enough, as soon as I opened the package, I discovered it was a sham.
What is a cheap circumcision called? A ripoff.
Someone who fills both parent roles is TransParent
Early to rise, and early to bed, makes a person healthy but socially dead.Working at home sucks, if you’re a firefighter.
My girlfriend makes me want to become a better person, so that I can get a better girlfriend.
The only marks that matter is Karl Marx.
The whole world should be worried if North Korea has a missile that can hit New York, because if it can make it there, it can make it anywhere.
Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns, or is it just me?You know what they say about cliffhangers...
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
Can you help me with a one liner about Great Danes?
To all the dads, happy Father’s Day; and to all their boys, happy Sunday!
A man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water.
Frankenstein is more famous than all the other monsters put together.I like my toast raw.
When it comes to charity a lot of people stop at nothing.
I don't understand people who don't recycle, I mean, why would you buy a bike and only ride it once?
I was going to tell a joke about paper, but it's tearable.
A comedian with diarrhea is all shits and giggles
If there are jellybeans wouldnt there have to be peanut butterbeans
My math teacher told me I was average which is just mean.
I think it’s wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
It’s sad that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
I'm sure you've heard about idioms, unless you've been living under a rock.
I have the world’s largest collection of seashells and you may have seen it as I keep it scattered on beaches all over.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
When a midget BBQs the steaks are always high.
It takes a lot of balls to golf the way I do.
Hedgehogs are so selfish! I mean, can't they just learn to share the hedge?
Committing a crime on an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
Last night, I played poker with Tarot cards...got a full house and 4 people died.
My father is schizophrenia, but he’s good people.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran
My girlfriend used to smoke after sex, so we started using lube."He is NOT pushing up daisies. He is dead!" -The Pink Panther
I have a Polish friend who's a sound engineer, and I have a Czech one, too. A Czech one too.
When garlic gets hot, it takes its cloves off.
‪The toughest thing about dating an astronaut is that she always needs space.‬
How do you leave a blonde in suspense?
If Star Bucks was founded in the Russian Empire, it would be called Tsar BucksAre Beyoncé’s kids destiny’s children?
When I die, I’d like the word "Humble" to be written on my statue.
As I looked into her eyes, I felt my knees go weak, my stomach turned to butterflies and that's when I realized...I'd drugged the wrong glass!
Blind people sure do walk their dogs a lot.
I'm reading an AMAZING book about paid sponsorships.A recent poll revealed that many people are swayed by a common opinion.
"If at first you don't succeed, try again" is terrible advice to give someone who's suicidal
There was a kidnapping at school today, the teacher woke him up.
The Flat Earth Society ...
Haste makes waste, if you misspell it.A contortionist in the Philippines would be a Manila folder.
To the guy who invented Zero: Thanks for nothing!
The words Jumbo Shrimp makes about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper.
When I noticed “HI” in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend, but then, I saw the next two letters.
People who exaggerate are literally worse than Hitler.
I’m writing a book called, “Stop Over-Reacting!” and if no-one buys it, I’m going to kill myself.
“The words Jumbo Shrimp make about as much sense as the words Elite Yelper.” -Anthony Bourdain
I earn my income taking care of horses, it’s nothing special but it’s a stable job.I didnt want to go to Thailand... but Phuket.
A bombing happened in a clothes store. Needless to say, there were many casual tees.
I don’t care what all the SJW say, Winnie Harlow giving the checkered flag early at the Canadian Grand Prix absolutely was a race issue.
I added a few tarrot cards to the top of my house of cards, then it got haunted
I always take two shirts golfing just in case I get a hole in one.Buy your son a motorcycle for his last birthday.
Mom always said that I was Dads little squirt.
Bullets are really weird because they only do their job after they’re fired.
Apparently it costs £1,500,000 to climb Mount Everest...which in my opinion, is a bit steep.
Being a mortician is the most rewarding job
My grandfather is 85 and he still doesn’t need glasses, because he drinks straight from the bottle.
If you surf on the back of a dolphin, then you're riding on porpoise.
I bought a grenade today and things went horribly wrong when the cashier asked me for my PIN.
I have kleptomania, but when when it gets bad, I take something for it.The scrolls of Confucian were unearthed yesterday, but no one could understand them.
My doctor told me I am impotent, I never saw that coming.
Suicide is a long term solution to a short term problem.
I saw one of the cooks who sometimes prepares my sandwiches in the bathroom today, so I asked him to please stop preparing them in the bathroom.
Gullible spelled backwards is gullible
Don't get mad at the doctor who circumcised you. Just cut him some slack.
I find it amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper.
Fathers are angles, without father the world seems to be nothing. I love you papa I miss you very much.
I have lots to say about my new thesaurus.There's something wrong with my touchscreen, but I can't put my finger on it.
A true shame
There was a mass shooting at the gun range. No one was injured.
It's appalling that half of all Americans live below medium income.Never finish a sentence with a preposition at.
The eggs life got scrambled because he got involved in some whisk-ee business
Whoever said ‘nothing is impossible’ obviously hasn’t tried nailing jelly to a tree.
I'm British, so I come from a long line of people who know how to queue.
A semicolon broke the law; it was given two consecutive sentences.
I don’t care what my stupid car says, a door will never be a jar.
It all starts innocently, mixing chocolate and Rice Krispies, but before you know it you’re adding raisins and marshmallows – it’s a rocky road.Mom used to feed me alphabet soup because she said I really liked it -- I didn't though, she was just putting words in my mouth.
It's funny how time flies when a laughing bird steals your watch.
I hate when people say rhetorical questions, I mean, what's the point?
The circle is just the most ridiculous shape in the world, I mean, there's absolutely no point to it.
One of the girls in the office where I work is having a baby, I just haven't decided which one yet.
She's a lot like train tracks, she's been laid across the country.
do dad jokes become daddy jokes in the bedroom?
I have sexdaily!... ohh sorry I meant dyslexiaMy dyslexic dad gets super ferrous whenever I respond to him ironically.
Why Dinosauras Can't Clap Because They Are Dead
just bought underwater headphones and it’s made me loads faster. Do you know how motivating it is swimming to the theme song from Jaws? I mean my anxiety is through the roof but record times..!
I don't know what the best thing about Switzerland is, but the flag is a big plus.
My granny was recently beaten to death by my grandad. Not as in, with a stick – he just died first”
People with one syllable names really ruin the Happy Birthday Song.
There’s no i in team but there’s a u in cuntI tried to learn how to cook but never had the thyme
My wife kicked me out of the house because of my bad Arnold Schwarzenegger impressions. But don't worry, I'll return.
I saw an old lady smoking in Church the other day, I was so shocked I almost dropped my pint.
Nearly 1/3rd of America got excited when they realized there were new episodes of their favorite show on Netflix; PLUS a new season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Yes! Tonight is going to be a good night.
I’ve been thinking of writing a mystery novel, or have I?
I used to say that sex with my girlfriend was average, but I was just being mean.
I thought it would be fun for my girlfriend and I to experiment with a chastity belt - total anticlimax.
If you can guess how many apples I have, I'll give you both.I just deleted all German names off my phone, it's now hans free!
A bad analogy is like going fishing. It doesn't make sense and it's a waste of time.
I hate being bi-polar it’s amazing.
The center of the nervous system is the human brian.If I had a penne for every time I craved pasta...
‪My imaginary friend has a hard time keeping it real.‬
Women have a hard time deciding what to eat because the first time Eve did, she doomed humanity.
i farted so loud in the pool a whale showed up
I went to the store to get 6 cans of Sprite, but I ended up picking 7 Up.I saw an ad that said, “Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full” and I thought to myself, “I can’t turn that down!"
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory, I mean, all I did was take a day off.
I wanted to place a bid at the silent auction, but it was not aloud.
Supply teachers don't usually have a lot of class.
I was going to tell a banana joke, but it's not appealing.
Why did the banana lose his drivers license?
My son is using a calculator, a spreadsheet, an abacus and a slide rule to work out 32/8...he's got a lot to answer four.
I couldn’t work out how to fasten my seat belt and then it clicked.
A man walks into a bar and says, "ouch"
Oneliner Contest #15 (June 2018)Kneeling during the National Anthem? I just won't stand for it.
I’ve made a website for depressed tennis players, but the servers are currently down.
my grandpa is so scary he doesn't even flush the toilet, he scares the shit out of it
I’ve just started reading my first ever Braille horror story and I think that something scary is about to happen - I can feel it.
I have a bumpy relationship with braille.
What is management? The art of screwing someone over, but in a way that he feels he deserves it!
I often say to myself, “I can’t believe that cloning machine actually worked!"
What happens when a cricket tells a bad joke?Clap one hand if you love Buddha
Raise a toast to bread, for without bread we couldn't toast.
Midget porn is a little fucked.
Whenever I look at Medusa, I can't help but get really hard.
I stopped eating clocks when it became too time consuming
I have started a business where I weigh tiny objects so it's just small scale
It goes without saying.
Bowing things out of proportion is bad. Except if it's a balloon
There is no "I" in denial!As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
If we shouldn’t eat at night, why do they put a light in the fridge?
You can never lose a homing pigeon - if your homing pigeon doesn't come back, what you've lost is a pigeon.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, "This changes everything!"
used to be addicted to not showering, I'm proud to say I've been clean for 2 years.To make holy water, just take water and boil the hell out of it.
If the Russians attacked, the Trump administration would definitely put out a spread
C3P0 has a cousin, WD40 who betrayed his rust
You can't breathe and swallow at the same time.
The universe is made of 4 things, protons, electrons, neutrons and morons
Our contractor tells us we should build another floor, but that's a story for another time.
Bullets do their job only after they’re fired. Weird.
I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister.
Many clouds look like animals, but the sheep is the only animal that looks like a cloud.
I knew that my gay friend was lying to me because he couldn't keep a straight face.
I write songs about condoms, I'm in a rubber band.
When I was younger, I felt like a man trapped inside a woman’s body and then, I was born.
My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds, so I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, ‘Let’s make this interesting’, so we stopped playing chess.On the drive home from work today I hit a rabbit, I mean, I keep one in the car for when I’m stressed.
I had a pun about insanity, but then I lost it.
Dr. Watson was again impressed by Sherlock Holmes’ diverse set of skills as Watson asked inquisitively as to what tree Sherlock was planting, to which Sherlock replied, “Why, that’s a lemon tree, my dear Watson.”
You’re so smart, Albert Einstein would suck you off.
Scientists have finally discovered what women really want, trouble is, now they’ve changed their minds.
I went into a sex shop today, and was shocked to find out how much all my wife’s vibrators cost, I mean, she’s sitting on a small fortune!
My mom said to me at dinner last week that I overreact to criticism too much, so I shot her.
If my friend would stop digging in garbage cans, he wouldn't always be so down in the dumps.
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop.
I had a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t like it.
Rape: short word, long sentence.
The hermit crab gave up all of his independence just for a tiny bit bigger house, a complete shell out.
This statement is in no way to be construed as a disclaimer.
My deaf girlfriend was talking in her sleep last night and she nearly took my eye out.I'm so straight, I don't even have a back door to my house.
Autocorrect doesn't work whether you are a jew or a genital.
I am taping steaks to me feet, so i can have the rarest shoes in the world.
A skydiver once forgot his parachute; then he came back for it.
the ocean is salty because the beach never waves back
Chuck Norris times zero equals Chuck Norris.So my grandfather clock finally finished writing his autobiography- it’s about time!!
Prison may be just one word, but to some, it’s a whole sentence.
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings".
To pirate any movie you like, just rate it 3.14.
I'll bet whoever invented the high five was left hanging 90% of the time that first year.
Vandals have attacked the National Origami Museum in Tokyo and we’ll keep you updated as the story unfolds.
"Beat it, we're closed" - sign on a whore house at lunch break.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
That's more than there are stars in the solar system!
I would kill someone to prove that I'm not a violent person.
Have you ever noticed the irony behind “hyphenated” and “non-hyphenated”?
A chronic fear of giants is called FeeFiPhobia.
I asked my ex why and all she could say was "z".
I think that making love to a woman is like playing the violin. I don't know how to do it.I was going to buy a rocking chair but it didn't sit well with me.
When I saw the tailor's prices I had a fit.
A mosquito just came out of my microwave, no idea how it fit in there.
A Buddhist walks up to a hotdog stand and says, "Make me one with everything."
I've got a book coming out soon. Shouldn't have eaten it, really.
i used to hate facial hair, then it grew on me.
Over the years, children's sleds have really gone downhill.
The Ku Klux Klan are such hypocrites; the TV in their meeting hall is 4K.
Nets, sponges, and religious texts all share something in common: The more you tear them up, the less holy they are.
coal miners are technically just cleaning out the earth..I bought a nice 12 year old scotch the other day. Obviously his parents weren't pleased.
why did the tennis ball have to go to court? .. Because he was making too much racket
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
In my university we were so poor, we could not afford real numbers, so we had to use imaginary numbers.
Jokes about sugar are rare, but jokes about brown sugar, Demerara.
You can’t spell advertisements without semen between the tits.
Why did all the appetizers get slowly swept away? Because there was a little Currant
I met a girl last week who was so sexually inept that when I asked her to do missionary, she fucked off to Africa for 6 months.
I love taking pictures of myself standing next to boiling water, but my doctor says I've got selfie steam issues.
Iceland should open the outlets in their geothermal fields to relieve pressure on Hawaii.Thought for today: Every fight is a food fight when you’re a cannibal.
Hard to tell if people are interested in joining my Sarcasm Club or not…
If people who eat vegetables are vegetarians and people who eat fish are pescatarians, then cannibals should really be called humanitarians.
I always thought it was the dryer that made my jeans shrink. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along...My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but I’m pretty sure she was hitting on me.
My parents read the book I was writing. They said they hope the main character dies. It was an autobiography
I didn't get accepted into the circus, but at least I gave it the old Clown College try.The royal wedding took place this weekend. The French media reported that the ceremony was delicious.
I saw a dyslexic Yorkshireman the other day. He was wearing a cat flap.
I like my women like like my beer - cold, bitter, and full of yeast.
Do I believe in safe sex? Of course I do. I have a handrail around the bed
If you upgrade a flamethrower, does it get more firepower?
Asians are just the same as caucasians, just without the cock.
Our horse fell out of its enclosure, he is so unstable.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Every time before opening a locked door, you have to make a key decision.1 1 1 1 1
I couldn't decide what to wear for the Royal wedding. I settled for a blindfold and earplugs.
I'm so broke I can't even afford to pay attention
Nobody believed me when I told them I can chop down a tree just by looking at it, but I saw it with my own eyes.
I’m so broke, I can only afford Bottom Ramen.69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
If a dove is the bird of peace, then is a swallow the bird of love?
🤔🤔🤔
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
my grandpa has the heart of a lion........... now we are both banned from the zoo
I was masturbating today and my hand fell asleep - that's got to be the ultimate rejection.
When the inventor of the boat first pitched the idea, they said "I have an idea that I'd like to float your way"The shovel really was a groundbreaking invention.
Only one of my personalities has multiple personality disorder.
The homosexual cowboy pulled his chaps on backwards.
Time wounds all heels
Come Down
Self deprecation is the only thing I'm good at.
Mike Tyson once watched Breaking Bad, he thought it was pretty methed up.
Driving with your gas tank door open is the automobile equivalent to having your zipper down in public.I wanted to join this cool emo group as a kid, but I didn't make the cut.
Some people say i've hit rock bottom, i prefer to think I'm just down to earth
My friend told me that I just don’t understand irony, which was ironic because we were at a bus stop at the time.
The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
We live in a progressive society; everyone is getting progressively stupider.
My bills are getting so big I have to call them Williams now.
I asked my doctor what I could have for breakfast after my recent major surgery. He said, “Don’t chew; forget about meat.”
My dad likes kpop and science at the same time. that's why he listens to BIGBANG
Hot dogs ?
I'm starting to like the word "progressive".
I have no words to describe mimes.
An old teacher asked her student, "If I say, 'I am beautiful,' which tense is that?" The student replied, "It is obviously past."If you were stranded on a desert island and could only take one Ed Sheeran album with you, how would you kill yourself?
Ireland's capital has the fastest-growing population, because every day, it’s Dublin.
How long is a Chinese name
Why didn't King Arthur have a knight in the round table order called Sir cumference?
Need help with one liner
When I asked my French friend if she likes to play video games, she said, “Wii.”
Remains to be seen if glass coffins will be a success.
You can always identify decaf because it’s faced backwards.
If anyone needs an ark, I happen to Noah guy.
The semi-colon that broke the law was given two consecutive sentences.
Yesterday, a clown held the door open for me and I thought, what a nice jester!
I’m a big fan of whiteboards, as a matter of fact, I find them quite re-markable.raid 4 robux
If I don’t perfect human cloning, I won’t be able to live with myself.
There's a big part of me that thinks I could make it as a porn star.
Kale is a negative calorie food, meaning the kale itself contains fewer calories than your body uses to throw it up because it's so fucking disgusting.
I used to work at a cat shelter but I had to quit because they reduced meowers.
If someone wants to say the word “motel” backwards, just letom.
In a landmark move, New York City has announced they will be pushing the Statue of Liberty 30 meters north
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines, but catscan.WTF is an acronym?
Sumo wrestlers shave their legs so people don't confuse them with feminists.
When I told my patient his plastic surgery was free of charge, the look on his face was priceless
We're about to have a bad spell of wether.
When the interviewer asked me to describe myself in three words, I responded, "Efficient."
I wonder what happened to all those people who asked me for directions.I'm seriously contemplating remarrying my ex wife but I'm scared she will realize that I'm just after my money
Invented our time machine next week
[Weekly oneliner contest] Avengers Infinity WarI bet when DJ Khaled counts to 100, he skips 69 and goes straight to 70.
Elton John is good on the piano, but he sucks on an organ.
I lost my job as a stage designer and I left without making a scene.
Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it just one of granny's myths?
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round.
I was attacked by a group of mime artists and they did unspeakable things to me.
If you think about it, we chop down bird houses to make bird houses.
There are many parts to a succesful company; sales, HR, and accounting.IF YOU’RE behind someone at a cash machine let them know you're not a threat by gently kissing their neck.
I hope Elon Musk never gets involved in a scandal, because Elongate, would be really drawn out.
i only type in lowercase because i hate capitalism.
The one thing flat earthers have to fear is sphere itself
If there was a saggy boob competition, my wife would beat everyone, in fact, she'd wipe the floor with them.
"I before E except after C" is unscientific.
I bought a new shrub trimmer today and I must say, it’s cutting hedge technology.
Most people are shocked when they find out how incompetent I am as an electrician.There's nothing more I love than strolling to the park on a Sunday morning to play fetch with my dog. I can throw her almost 40 yards now.
Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face, for instance, when you push them down the stairs.
i do agree its healthy to laugh at your mistakes, but if you are a plastic surgeon you should probably do it in privateTransgenders: Robots dressed as guys
The doctor told me to reduce the amount of sex I had, so I got a sexier girlfriend.
Kleptomaniac evangelicalists take the Bible literally.You know what they say about paranoid people
The bar is ten minutes from my house, however, my house is two hours from the bar.
My paper towels went missing, so I had to hire a Bounty hunter.
I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail, but apparently, you can’t end a sentence with a proposition.If you don't think interior design is important in my Jamaican furniture shop then you are wrong, it's at decor of what we do.
I'm suing porn for giving me visual aids, then I'm suing phone sex for giving me hearing aids
Did you hear about the sweet maker who got rich? He made a mint.
Denali is not a river in Egypt
If you get a job as a swimming pool lifeguard, it's probably better to be thrown in at the deep end.
The US is slowly moving toward the metric system, inch by inch.
A tailor making a suit for Yao Ming would have to take drastic measures.
If windows could feel, would they feel its pane?I can't believe pretzels are knot bread
If anyone tries to sell you a transparent driving wheel, steer clear.
My Spring factory went bankrupt, but I think business will bounce back.
Anyone know where I can find a compass?
Sweatsocks are just turtlenecks for your feet.Transgenders: Robots dresses as guys.
On a more positive note, does this mean double the Girl/Boy Scout cookie sales?
May The 1st Be With You!
Rhetorical questions: Aren't they just the bee's knees?
Yes, judge I do have something to say, if you truly are what you eat then I am an innocent man.
My name was the best birthday present I was ever given
Today a kid knocked on my door and asked for a donation toward the new local pool, so I gave him a glass of waterMy grandad has a heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo
Why are rare steaks so easy to find?
Vodka may not be the answer, but it’s worth a shot.
If you're behind someone at a cash machine, let them know you're not a threat, by gently kissing their neck.
Hansel and Gretel left their trail in morsel code.I have really immature friends, every time I pass out drinking they draw a forehead on my penis.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#14, May 2018)If a blind prostitute tells you that you're hung, she's probably pulling your leg.
Why is gambling not allowed in Africa? There's too many Cheetahs.I've never liked clickbaits; find out why here.If prostitution ever becomes legal I’m gonna buy any shoe store, knock off the S, and set up shop.
There are four vowels and four consonants in “equality”.
I wonder how many chameleons snuck on the ark?
Zero is a hole number
I'm not a fan of the new pound coin, but then again, I hate all change.I just found out loads of information about the word "research".
You're not doing it wrong if nobody knows what you're doing.
Liability is the ability to lie about a word's true definition.
Don't believe everything you read on the Internet - Albert Einstein
Vacuums suck
I was going to get a brain transplant , but then I changed my mind
I tried eating dog in China. It was a bit ruff.Common English: A field; Scouser English: An field.
When your girlfriend comes home in a white suit, smelling of honey and covered in bee stings, you know she's a keeper.Professor X, doing a wheelie, is just Professor +.
Apologies are really just Canadian conversations.
Fruit and Urinal give a bad name to cakes everywhere.
In the Star Wars Universe, they don't eat baby wookiees because they are a little chewy.
If you ever need to know what's going on, check the stairs -- they're always up to something
If Feminism was about equality it would be called Humanism.
Police have arrested the world tongue-twister champion and I bet he’ll be given a tough sentence.
We’ll We’ll We’ll, if it isn’t autocorrect.Whiplash is a real pain in the neck!
If you ever want to build an ark, I Noah guy.
If April showers bring may flowers, do may flowers bring Pilgrims?
Nasa scientists thought they spotted a flea on the moon, but it actually turned out to be a Luna Tick.Do vegans eat Beefsteak Tomatoes?
The poor window was in pane....
I like spirals like I was born to like spirals, it's in my DNA
Reading the Wikipedia page for the Dunning–Kruger effect was all it took to make me an expert on the topic.
Here's a montage of oneliners I have heard throughout my life
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?The best cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
The sitcom about airplanes never took off, because the pilot was terrible.
Are there any fencing jokes that aren't ripostes or lamé?
If you jumped off a bridge in Paris, you'd be in Seine.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.II hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicatious
One-liners are like dicks: Some are short, some are long, but everybody groans when Grandpa whips his out
I'm killing time because time is killing me
After bad press about a recent speech in South America, the president tweeted: More fake news, folks!! Those people LOVED me, and they want want me back soon! They shouted “July! July!” before I could even finish my speech!!!!
Insect jokes really bug me
Kill me once, shame on me. Kill me twice, shaman you.
Autocorrect makes me type things I didn't Nintendo.
I was born legs first so for a brief period of time, I wore my Mom as a hat.I put my phone in airplane mode and now it calls me Shirley
My mom's astrological sign was Cancer, which is kind of ironic since she was killed by a giant crab
Give a man a fish and you’ll feed him for a day. Give a man a poison fish and you’ll feed him for the rest of his life.
They told me to stop singing Wonderwall, I said maybe
Being a gender reassignment surgeon takes a lot of balls.
I had to go to the hospital this week, doctors say I'm going to be fine. I just want to say that the Dyson Ball Cleaner has a very misleading name.
It's spelling can be confusing.My favorite letter of the alphabet is 'x' because it always helps me finish sex.
Cannibals take being a people person to one fucked up level.
You can't spell families without 'lies'
Always give 100%, unless it's blood.
When I see that 'future-me' guy I'm really gonna kick his ass for not doing all that shit he was meant to do.
For sale: used parachute, never openedSchrödinger's cat: wanted, dead and alive.
I would make a joke about La Croix, but that would be in bad taste.
"I'm mute," said the liar.
You put the “sexy” in “dyslexic.”
I started reading a book on moderation - I got about halfway through.I can tell people are judgmental just by looking at them.
I always spell repetition wrong
When you eat aluminium foil, you sheet metal.
There should be no wrong way to spell dyslexia.
To spell panda, you only need P and A.
The fat acceptance movement is the only movement without movement
“Men are trash, except for the few that aren’t. They’re recycling”You can choose humor, looks, or literacy, but you may only choose to.
If you ever miss 4:20 just wait until 4:22, because 4:22 is 4:20 too.
Yoga pants dont make yoga any easier
Technically, all glasses are 3D glasses
Many a priest has an altar ego.
It’s hard to explain things to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
I was talking to a North African girl in her native language and, man, we just clicked.
I tried to write a song about drinking but didn't get past the first two bars.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set him on fire and he's warm for the rest of his life.
I tried to join an orchestra, but it seems I'm band for lifeI’m single handedly taking out glove companies with my bare hands.
Tightrope walkers sure have a small line of work
A feminist's favorite fruit is mango.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.Last letter of artist
I decided to invest my money in Bonds, so I bought the DVD box set.
Is it just me, or is Congress the opposite of progress?
Sometimes i use big words i dont fully understand in order to make myself sound more photosynthesis
What president never closed his eyes or changed his name?Tell me right NOW, how am I bossy?!
If at first you don't succeed....
Dunking basketballs doesn't make them taste any less rubbery.
The guy who invented the number zero did it all for nothing.
The guy who invented sandpaper wasn't sure how to go about it but he had a rough idea.
I know the inside of the brain really well because I have a very detailed mind map with me.
A nine year old girl has disappeared after using moisturizer that makes you look ten years younger.
If I fuck a midget hooker, is it 50% off?
I bought drugs off an undercover cop
Jokes about bad pole-vaulters don't seem to go over very well.Is a woman a day late and 75 cents short?
A Buddhist walks up to a hotdog vendor and says, "make me one with everything"
When I found out I was a mute, I was upset to say the least.
My least favorite color is purple, I hate it more than blue and red combined.
Pickup artists and garbagemen should swap titles.
I'm not supersticious, as that gives bad luck.
If April showers bring May flowers, do May flowers bring June bugs?I wear glasses when I program so I can C#.
Instead of being cremated or buried when I die, I'd much rather my body be cut into pieces and sent to people I don't like.
My therapist told me my narcissism causes me to misread social situations, but I’m pretty sure she was hitting on me.
I bought an expensive ruler, just for good measure.
Eating a clock is time consuming.
If I ever find out the name of the surgeon that screwed up my limb transplant, I'll kill him with my bear hands!
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog he is adopted?1___er
_______________
I got chatting to a lumberjack the other day. He seemed like a decent feller.
I thought it was a booger, but it’s not.
A friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water - I thought he meant well.
A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper, he then proceeded to draw his weapon.
My girlfriend got mad and told me that I treat her like a child, so I gave her a sticker for standing up for herself.
Claustrophobic people are more productive thinking outside the box.If I had a penny for every time someone said they think I have OCD, I’d have 1,526 pennies.
People often say “icy” is the easiest word to spell and, looking at it now, I see why.
They may not be the brightest, but you'll never see the Resistance charge through an ohmless shelter.
I'd like to combine Connery, Moore, Brosnan and Craig, so I could consolidate my Bonds.
I ordered a vault and speakers to be delivered to my home, thankfully they arrived safe and sound.
I would leaf you alone with my tree puns, but that wouldn't get to the root of the problem. I mean, it stems from somewhere.
If stupid could fly, you'd be a jet...
So, the dirty criminal walked into a bar....At night I used to lie in my twin bed and wonder where my brother was.
My struggle with steroid addiction has only made me stronger.
If you're ever attacked by a mob of clowns, go for the juggler.
Someone stole my toilet; I was so mad I lost my shit
If I see a spider in my house, I put a mirror in front of it to see if we're on the same page.
Sign language is quite handy.
As an architect, I try not to spend too much time designing HOV lanes because I don't want to develop carpool tunnel syndrome.
I’ve just been fired from the clock making factory after all those extra hours I put in.
Internet lag is aLiterally is literally the most misused word in the English Dictionary.
A prisoner is someone who stands behind their convictions.
With the vast variety of digital threats out there, it's more important than ever to beware of geeks bearing .gifs
A graph that fails the vertical line test simply can't function.
Procrastinators are the leaders of tomorrow.
Amazing artists can always draw a crowd.I had a pun about insanity, but then I lost it.
When someone tells you to get a life, take theirs.
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory, I mean, all I did was take a day off.
I couldn’t tell where the gunfire was coming from, then it hit me.
Ever since I got fired from the double-sided buttplug factory, I've had trouble making ends meet
My wife and I bought a water bed recently, but since then, we’ve drifted apart.
It’s going to be awkward if Mr and Mrs Burr ever lose their son Tim in a forest.
I was at a funeral the other day and a couple in front of me were loudly arguing about which herb goes best with which fish and I could only think it wasn’t the Thyme or Plaice.
There is no "I" in "orgy."
My wife came home from work crying yesterday and asked me to console her, so I hit her over the head with my X-Box.
I stumbled across a website for clumsy people.I told my stylish friend I wanted to be my own tailor and he said "Suit yourself."
Fishermen lost a boatload of money in a raw shrimp deal—a total Prawnzi scheme.
Working at home sucks, if you’re a firefighter.
Charles Dickens walks into a bar, orders a martini and the bartender asks, “Olive or twist?”
I was out last night with 2 bees: it was buzzin'.
When I see lovers names engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic, I just find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.
When the interviewer asked me to, "Describe myself in three words.", I replied, "Efficient."
Being a werewolf plumber is risky- you never know when there will be a full moon.
I hate jokes that rely on visual imagery, I mean, I’ve had it right up to here with them.Remember: Time flies like the wind, but fruit flies prefer bananas.
I just bought a Monopoly set, but there aren't any instructions, I mean, what are the chances?!
I went to a psychiatrist's office, wearing only Saran wrap underwear and the doctor took one look at me and said, “Well, I can clearly see your nuts.”
Same shit different day, unless you're a plumber. Then it's different shit same day.
My doctor was checking my balls for lumps the other day, but it got quite awkward when I ran my fingers through his hair.
We're used to terms like "filthy rich" and "dirt poor"—but whatever happened to clean and comfortable?
I thought I would enjoy dildos, but really they're just a pain in the assA bingo game cut a few corners. It wasn't fair or square.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.
All in all, it was a good orgy.
I'm not saying plastic surgery cured my depression, but it definitely put a smile on my face.
If you like listening to music while having sex, choose a live album, that way, you get applause every 3 to 4 minutes.
Taking viagra by mistake is a lesson you learn the hard way.
I am the best at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.
You can't plant flowers if you haven't botany.I sprained my wrists so yes, I am saving myself for you.
If every letter "t" was silent, we'd never hear the end of it.
Is my ex-wife's new husband my ex-husband in-law?
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds rad if you don't know what either of these things are/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#13, April 2018)
You're so base, your PH level must be OVER 9,000!
I tried to tell my friend ten puns to make her laugh, but no pun in ten did.
When I was a boy, I had a disease that required me to eat dirt three times a day in order to survive...
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'chameleon' next to an empty cage.
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round.
I've just seen the most confusing book, "Ventriloquism for Dummies."
Last night, I had to get up and take the batteries out of my carbon monoxide detector, because the constant beeping was making me dizzy and giving me a headache.
If you think about it, we chop down bird houses to make bird houses.I’ve designed a new website for orphans and there's no home page.
I entered a palindrome contest today and I got top spot.
If I listen to the radio while I exercise, does that make me radioactive?
Grocery store workers must let the customer decide if they want paper or plastic because baggers can't be choosers.
Man with two crows was charged with attempted murder.
Will Will Smith smith? Yes! Will Smith will smith.
When my wife accused me of being self-important, I was so surprised, I nearly fell off my throne.
Every triangle is a love triangle when you love triangles.
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.My doctor told me I need gene therapy and I said what does the X-Men have to do with cancer.
Planned parenthood name is really ironic.
Maybe plants are farming us, supplying us with oxygen until we all die, then compose in the ground and feed them.My dad’s addicted to ladders and he keeps using them to get high.
When a King and Queen have no children, it's a receding heir line.
The 13th Amendment makes it illegal to buy people, but, apparently, it doesn’t apply to congressmen.
We should’ve known communism would fail, I mean, there were so many red flags.
With great reflexes, comes great response ability.
Do You want to be my SLUT? Sweet Little Unforgetable Thing
I don’t like the term “anal bleaching”, I prefer “changing your ring tone.”
When I die, I'd like the word 'Humble'...to be written on my statue.
Last night I had platonic sex.It was a mistake to buy shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day.
I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexic until I realized I was in Daniel.
If you sell art at conventions, does that make you a con artist?Cheap Circumcisions are a rip off.
Thank you student loans, for getting me through college, I don't think I can ever repay you.
Tapping one’s penis on the side of a bell can be addicting
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver because it turns out, my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile.
Would anyone like to chip in for a sculpture ?
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.People who can’t be bothered to quote sayings right, really get my coat.
I dig, you dig, she dig, we dig, you dig…the poem may not be beautiful, but it's certainly very deep.
Do bookends have a shelf life?
To anyone suffering from paranoia...you are not alone.
I googled "how to start a wildfire" and I got 50,000 matches.I don’t finish anyth
Would we call Al Gore dancing an Algorythym?
Is a snowman with a six pack an abdominable snowman?
As soon as the airplane was invented, things were looking up.
On a scale of 1.923482935798 to 10.571232329329 I'd say my expectations are pretty specific.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I'm having trouble finishing the quadratic equation, and I don't know why.
I admit I was wrong about how good my chiropractor is and now, I stand corrected.A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop
It's so crazy that so many people are wrong about stuff and none of them are me
Technically, alcohol is a solution.
A stitch in time makes it 10 past 4.
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
The skill of origami is two foldThe word, “diputseromneve” may look ridiculous, but backwards, it’s even more stupid.
What rhymes with orange...no it doesn't.
If Shakespeare cooked breakfast, he'd make a hamlet.
I’m about to start reading Great Expectations but I don’t have high hopes for it...
32[f4m]
The O's in "monotonous" are quite monotonous.
If vampires, werewolves, aliens, yeties and zombies created an activist movement they'd be VWXYZ.Maybe if we all emailed the Constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it.
I’m very good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet, but I don’t know why.
Life is sexually transmitted and the mortality rate is 100%
I don't think there needs to be two S's in "excessive".
A dildo is the sex toy most likely to be referenced in a hobbit rap battle
I keep writing letters to myself...dear me.An extra 60 minutes is not an issue if you are on 24-hour emergency call.
Sometimes I cook with hate just to see if anyone can really tell the difference.
A blind man walks into a Pub and sits on the bar
Someone ripped some pages out of both ends of my dictionary today and now it just goes from bad to worse.
People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but people in Abu Dhabi do.
The man asked me for the way to the hospital, so I pushed him into the road.
When a woman is giving birth, she is literally kidding.When it comes to the Palestinian Conflict, the struggle Israel.
I went bob sleighing the other day and killed 250 bobs.
I can't tell the difference between all the female pop stars of the 2000s; they're all Britney's peers to me.
I recently bought a muzzle for my duck, it’s nothing flashy but it fits the bill.
If you ask me whether you need two spaces after a period, I will tell you point blank.People often say that my life must be tough living with erectile dysfunction, but honestly, it's not so hard.
Socialism jokes are only funny if everybody gets them.
This is my step ladder...I...I...I never knew my real ladder.
I once met a woman with twelve breasts. Sounds a bit odd, dozen tit.
I've found a job helping a one armed typist do capital letters, but it's only shift work.
My wife asked me to get some pills to help me get an erection, so I bought her some diet pills.
My wife said I needed to get more in touch with my feminine side, so I crashed the car, burnt dinner and completely ignored her all night for no reason.
Girls spend hours deciding what to wear and all guys do is try to picture them naked.
If you have Tourette's and halitosis then your life sucks.I wonder which brand of gum the fifth dentist chooses?
Never iron a 4-leaf clover, because then you are just pressing your luck.
All that seafood for dinner made me a little eel.
No one notices when you say Happy Stained Panties Day!
There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
Has anyone else noticed the Miss Universe beauty pageant has only ever been won by people from earth?
A ninja took my shoes and now they're sneakers.
Two clowns are eating a cannibal, when one turns to the other and says, "I think we got this joke wrong!"I'm very empathic to sociopaths
Feminine hygiene jokes are the lowest form of humor - period.
Two fortune tellers meet on the street and one says to the other, "You're fine, how am I?"
Someone has stolen my Microsoft Office and they are going to pay for it, you have my Word.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
My friend drowned in a half-empty bath tub yesterday and yet, he was normally so optimistic.
My sister bet me $100 I couldn’t build a working car out of spaghetti and you should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
Wherever my dad is I'm sure he's looking down on us. He's not dead, just very condescending.
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
I got chased by a mugger the other day and halfway through the terrifying ordeal, I couldn’t help but think to myself, “He’s giving me a good run for my money.”
I have a Polish friend who is a sound engineer and I have a Czech one too.
I wrote a book on penguins, but in retrospect, I realize that paper would have been easier.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken.
If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke, and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off?
My wife asked me to bring home a baby monitor, but based on her reaction I think she might have preferred a smaller lizard.There was a fire at the shoe factory, 100 soles were lost.
He was having a hard time deciding between north or south, so we gave him some latitude.
The first French fries weren’t actually cooked in France, they were cooked in Greece.
A book just fell on my head, but I’ve only got my shelf to blame.
When I post about how humble I am, everyone says I lack humility... Why does everyone think I'm joking?
I just bought a new blindfold. Can't see myself wearing it though.
In high school, some kids told me they’d give me $20 to hang out with them, but turns out it was just clique bait.My girlfriend broke up with me because I’m a compulsive gambler and ever since, all I can think about, is how to win her back.
I often spend all day chopping up herbs. I've got way too much thyme on my hands.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex, because they’re his watch dogs.
I'm so great at being lazy that my doctor told me to expect atrophy.
Of all the bodily functions that could have been contagious, I’m really glad it is the yawn.
A girl asked me for a double entendre.... so I gave her one!
Mountains aren’t just funny, they’re hill areas.
I tried to walk into Target, but I missed.I can do a freakishly good impersonation of a loser with no money
I like my wine like I like my women: white, fifteen years old and locked in the cellar.
You know you've spent too much time at the office when you dial 0 at home for an outside line.
I like my coffee like I like my women, respected for their contributions in the home and workplace
I like my women like I like my coffee. Compressed into a plastic pod and brewed one cup at a time.
I've seen less of my dad since the amputation.
I like my coffee like I like my women, full of booze.
Too soon?If you wear a blindfold at the shooting range, you won't know what you're missing.
The jogger who overslept found himself running late.
I’m very good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet, but I don’t know why.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are, but I laugh more.
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
Sign language is the least spoken language in the world.
I went into a second hand store to get my watch repaired.I had sex for an hour last night. It's daylight savings time : (.
I think there are about 1-2 million baseball fields in the world, but that's just a ballpark number.
I'm trying to read a book on deadlifting, but I can't seem to pick it up
I’m tired of people assuming that I am smart just because I’m ugly.
Watching a cooking show, the contestant was asked how he prepared a steak, to which he answered, "seasoned with cilantro and time" and all I could think was "smart ass...."
When having circulation problems, editors go to a doctor.I’ve been reading so much about the bad effects of smoking, drinking and drugs, that I’ve finally decided to give up reading.
According to my grandma, there is nothing you can’t clean with your thumb and some saliva.
My girlfriend asked me what i was posting on reddit, i told her that they /r/OneLiners
I had sex for an hour and three minutes this morning, thank you daylight savings time!
I only wear camouflage clothing when I'm feeling fatigued.
Have you heard about the glass soccerball? You'd get a kick out of it.
Remember: If you aren't part of the solution - you're a solid, or a gas.
posting image macros is pretty selfish; it's all about 'me me'
If America switched from pounds to kilograms overnight, there would be mass confusion.
Just imagine, for a moment, if there were no hypothetical situations.
I was fired from the keyboard factory today because I wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
Possessio is nine tenths of the wordIf the Queen farts, is it a noble gas?
I just ordered separate home deliveries of chicken and eggs. I'll keep you posted.
How I Met Your Mother was the longest Ted talk ever.
The man who killed Hitler is a great man.
Sad news. I've just heard that the bloke who invented predictive text has pissed away. His funfair is next monkey.If two vegans are angry at eachother, is it beef?
I’m getting really sick and tried of auto correct jokes.
I told 10 puns today hoping to get a laugh, but no pun in ten did.
Having a few Brazillion dollars sounds great until things get Real
Correct punctuation: the difference between a sentence that’s well-written and a sentence that’s, well, written.
I listened to the song "Jolene" while I was taking a dump and now i have postparton depression.
I’ve been working on inventing a belt that doubles as a watch...
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, "This changes everything!"
How many Lowe’s could Rob Lowe rob if Rob Lowe could rob Lowe’s?
Opossums are Irish possums.
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy, so I got drunk.
Why do noses run, but feet smell?
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
"C... O... F", I began - and it was at that moment that my spelling bee debut was ruined by an embarrassing coughing spell.5 out of 6 scientists say that Russian roulette is safe.
I threw a boomerang five years ago, it never came back and now I live in constant fear.
Thanks for defining the word “many” for me, it means a lot.
Only 1 in 7 dwarfs are happyClaustrophobia opens so many doors!
I did a course in calligraphy because I thought it would look good on my CV
There are 10 types of people in the world... there are those who understand binary and those that don't!
After a disappointing summer, Humpty Dumpty has a great fall.
I went to a fraud prevention seminar, but when I got there it was cancelled and the tickets were non-refundable.
My monthly salary was just increased by 2 chickens plus a duck. I'm not impressed. It's a poultry sum.
I just read about the Baader-Meinhof phenomenon and now I keep seeing it referenced everywhere.
Due to his Tariffs on imported aluminum, Trump's supporters will be crafting their hats from 100% American foil.
Abstinence has made me a great problem solver; it forces me to think outside the box.Literally just a picture of nothing
I sometimes worry that the person who thought up Reality TV may be thinking up something else.
The punishment for not using an Oxford comma should be jail time, a fine and community service.
Shout out to all of the hard of hearing quadriplegics... Gotta hand it to em!
The gender of an ant can be determined by throwing it into a puddle of water; if it sinks it's a girl ant, if it floats it's a boy ant.
Its hard to orchestrate a musical punJames bonds with beautiful ladies only.
Whenever I read a list saying “Top 10 things to do before you die”, I’m always surprised that “yell for a doctor” is never #1.
For as long as I can remember, I've had memories.
My father was brutally murdered last week and it's only now I can look back and Laugh.Try mixing Viagra and Prozac, so even if you don’t get a fuck, you won’t give a fuck.
Pontius Pilate nailed it.
Robbers, men of steal.
I'm hosting a benefit concert for people who struggle to achieve orgasm. So if you can't come, let me know.
“Cognito ergo sum” but “incognito ergo cum”
Whenever I see someone with one eye, I ask them if it was all fun and games up to that point.I don't hate condiments, I relish it.
Don't try to crack my password, it is impossible2guess.
I can safely say there's a condom lodged between my teeth.
Narcissists, they wanna have a good long look at themselves in a mirror.
The biggest perk with being a test tube baby is getting a womb with a view.I just opened my electric bill and water bill at the same time and was completely shocked.
The voices in my head talk to me in sign language.
My uncle once asked me to spell schadenfreude and I couldn't but he's dead now and I'm not so I win.
My Yoga teacher turned up drunk today which put me in a very awkward position.
The left eye turns to the right eye and says "just between us, something smells."
I woke up last night to find the ghost of Gloria Gaynor standing at the foot of my bed... at first I was afraid, then I was petrified.
If anyone here knows telepathySpace heaters are the perfect housewarming gift
A courtroom artist was arrested today for an unknown reason... the details are sketchy.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#12, Mar 2018)
If pigs could fly, I bet their wings would taste delicious.
Introducing the new iPhone XS with more features than you would ever want or need.The terms "cattle," "beef," and "udder" are always afraid of everything - because they're just a bunch of cow words.
There’s a new and really popular apartment complex called Oedipus; everyone and their mother is moving there.
Seven days without a pun makes one weak.
I was writing a letter with invisible ink, but I didn’t realize I ran out.
Seven days of having anal sex makes a whole week.
If you’re always positive you’re gonna hate your STD test results.
My name is Oedipus, motherfucker!
You're old enough to remember when emojis were called "hieroglyphics."Frankenstein enters into a body building competition and finds he has seriously misunderstood the objective.
They say that eating oysters put led in your pencil - shame I have no-one to write to.
Ballerinas are always on their toes. Why don't they just get taller ballerinas?
I was going to post a time traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
All showers are golden-showers made of recycled dinosaur pee
When Trump became president, little did he know...
We're about to have a bad spell of wether.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Wrestlers don't like to be put on hold.My grief counsellor was so good that when he died, I didn’t care.
I take prides in my job as a lion tamer.
While I do think pennies should be abolished, I can see both sides of the argument.
Condoms are for pussies.
If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue.
I come from a long line of men who refuse to stand in line.
My doctor told me i had a drinking problem. Then i told him vodka is a mixture of alcohol suspended in a solvent of water. So i also have a drinking solution.
I was just made redundant; my mother's given birth to her second child.
When a spy gets cold, he goes undercover.
When cartoonists want to decide who's the best, they draw lots.
You gotta hand it to midgets, because some times, they can't reach.I went to the library to see if they had that book on living with a small penis. She said "I don't think it's in yet". I said "Yeah that's the one".
My life
I would never date Mavis Beacon, she's not my type.
My 50 year kindergarten reunion is coming up soon and I’m worried about the 175 pounds I’ve gained since then
I find the best way to burn carbs is with a toaster.What is ignorance?
Whenever I watch E.T. I think, "Just get to the point."
Can a comedian in a wheel chair do stand up comedy?
Prepare to be underwhelmed.
I'm not a really big fan of profanity, I guess you could say I'm antifanity
Silence is golden, but duct tape is silver.
Schrödinger's Pussy: my girlfriend may or may not be cheating on me with a physicist.
Objectively, watching Trump try to President brings to mind the deeply horrifying Mary Roach audition on American Idol.
I had planned on telling you guys the do’s and dont’s of anal sex, but fuck it.
To get over my one true love, it's gonna take a real special woman, or, a bunch of regular ones.My wife wouldn't trade me for anything. She only takes cash.
Rabbit necromancy is hare-raising.
I wanted to undo some sanding, but my work just ended up being defiled.
When my friend told me to stop acting like a flamingo I had to put my foot down
To err is human; to moo bovine.
Wouldn't it have been amazing if John Lennon had invented that device that you put in your front door to secretly see who's on the other side, I mean, imagine all the peepholes.
Several of Hitler's generals disappeared after the war and became animal doctors, because they were veteran Aryans.
My girlfriend dressed up as a policewoman and told me I was under arrest on suspicion of being good in bed, but after 2 minutes, all charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence.
Our young son has been crying a lot at night, so my wife asked me to go out and get a baby monitor for him, but he seems even more freaked out now with the big lizard crawling all over him.
I'm not sure how many problems I have beacuse math is one of them
On a scale of 0-1, how much do you like binary?
A desserter does not desert their dessertMy socks got so holy, I could only wear them to church.
You know whats really awesome punctuation
Cheap circumcisions are a rip-off.
They used to be called "jumpolines" until your mom jumped on one in 1975.
My ex-wife still misses me, but her aim is steadily improving.
My idea of resistance training is refusing to go to the gym.
Always be nice to the obituary writers
I should win an Oscar for acting like I’m busy at work.
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be far too long.
Is the phrase “I went to chipotle with Aristotle” funnier if you mispronounce Chipotle, or Aristotle?It doesn't explode, it doesn't scare, then why do we call it BamBoo?
I wonder what went off in Thomas Edisons head when he first thought of the lightbulb, was it a candle?
When a gambler gets up in the morning he has to pick the right suit before he shuffles off to deal with his day.
I wonder if the guy who coined the term "One Hit Wonder" came up with any other phrases.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
To be a mountain climber one needs to be in peak condition.
Acceleration finally found his birth certificate, looks like he derives from Velo City
If you have a clap on light, rough sex turns into a rave.
There is nothing gay about a man sucking dick for cash any more than you like a political party just cuz you vote for them cuz they will fund your healthcare or small business
I don’t know what apathy means and I’m not gonna look it up.
We were so poor when I was growing up we couldn't even afford to pay attention.Whose cruel idea was it for the word, "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
B sharp = C the danger.
I’m a huge procrastinator, but it’s a good thing cause I’m also suicidal
Tents are insomniac because the stay up all night
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed.
The person who read this just before you is an idiot
A man with a stutter died in prison before he could finish his sentence
Old people always used to poke me at weddings and cackle, "You're next", so I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.
I'm too rude to be a civil engineer.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars, just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
I was that kid in high school who would always ask the teacher "When are we ever going to use this in real life?" in Sex Ed.Those new corduroy pillows must be really popular as they’re making headlines everywhere.
I'm having a hard time to spell batterryy. I'm not sure if it has double t, r or y. But I'm pretty sure that some batterryy has AA AAA AAAA.
Why aren’t there any first hand stores?
My wife says I'm terrible at fixing appliances, but she's in for a shock.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like banana.
I totally understand how batteries feel because I’m rarely ever included in things either.
-
I met a confused centaur; he said he felt like a man trapped in a horse's body.
The grim reaper has a scythe and the devil has a pitch fork. Is agriculture a major industry in the underworld?It makes cars go faster
The construction foreman has an electrician friend who he swears by.
I have problems with math but with chemistry, I have solutions.
Whoever put the "b" in "subtle" was a clever fuck.The fisherman looked at the magician and said, "Pick a cod, any cod!"
The red light said to the green light, "Don't look, I'm changing!"
A pig got a job at a restaurant because he was really good at bacon.
I gave up giving things up for lent for lent
I heard the iPhone X has a great screen and.... Some even say it's top notch.
An expensive laxative gives you a run for your money.
The only thing that runs in my family is the laziness gene.
Your nose can't be 12 inches long, because then it'd be a foot.
Just sent my job application to Google, I'm feeling lucky.I like my coffee like I like my women; ground up and in a bag.
Eating a Tide Pod is not suicide, it's suiTide.
Scientific research says that main reason for divorce is marriage in 100% cases
Every bank is a food bank, if you're a cannibal.
Migraines are all in your head.
I’m so old, the last time I used Tinder, it caught fire.A gay man is any man who likes at least 2 penises including his own
A lot of people say I’m oblivious, but I just don’t see it.
What do hospitals and refrigerators have in common? If you pull the plug, the vegetables start to decompose.
Hey McDonald's! If I wanted to eat healthy.. I wouldn't have gone to a fast food restaurant!
So what if i can't spell "armageddon", it's not the end of the world
I bet Rick Astley struggles with Lent.
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over itWithout a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs. Fire.
The ruler of the jungle crawled out from under his old, golden ceremonial chair that fell from his hut's attic, and said: "People who live in grass houses shouldn't stow thrones."
In order to build a rope factory, first you have to pull a few strings.
I love eggs. If you mess up an omelette, you can still have scrambled eggs. If you mess up a kid, you have a serial killer.I'm verbally dyslexic so for valentines i'm getting my girlfriend a cart with a hard on.
I thought my doctor diagnosed me with schizophrenia, but it turns out I don’t have a doctor.
It's only a murder of crows if there's probable caws
An army of babies should be called an infantry
Pancake Day really creped up on us this year
Giving oral sex to a male dwarf is quite a low blow.
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the the Bahamas -- those are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
I have an inferiority complex, a terrible one in fact.I once asked a waiter for a buffet and he punched me in the face.
The largest unisex toilet in the world is the pool
If laziness was an Olympic sport, I'd probably come in fourth so I wouldn't need to walk up to the podium.
I get my large circumference from too much pi.
Everyone's political views are a trolling shitpost to someone
I enjoy people watching... mostly this one woman
Yo mama’s so fat that her petronas is a cake.
I hate sports including bats, they're a nightmare to catch when they fly away.
My karma ran over your dogma
Birth Control? Yeah - I just use my face.
If you can't make both ends meet then make one end a vegetable.My piano teacher said that I was playing too much music by J.S. Bach, Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Johann Christian Bach. He said I have to start thinking outside the Bachs.
I set my oven on 360 degrees, and all it did was spin around once and stop.
Wars can be won with the element of surprise, but if dogs go to war with fire hydrants they will win with the LMNOP.
I took a crash course driving lesson
I've had it up to here with visualization jokes.
If you are into really expensive perfume, you have no common scents.Do you really think it's a coincidence that everyone who gets correlation vs causation wrong eventually ends up dead?
If a french person randomly asks you if you have the will to live, they probably just want some olive oil.
I didn't believe my friend who said yoga could fix my bad posture, but now I stand corrected.
I wonder if the Arachnophobia Helpline has a web site?
Just found out that the captain of the Mayflower was April Showers.
A pear a day will also keep the doctor away if you throw it hard enough.
Even YouTube thinks I am cheap, I got offended when I noticed that only the dirty videos had "Recommended for you" written under them.
A man walks into a stable and the horse says, "Why the small cock?"
The smoking fetishist got off on a lighter sentence.I wanted to clean my home so I requested for work from home they said Janitors cannot work from home.
I haven’t owned a watch in who knows how long.
I called the cops about a murder on my front lawn, but they said they couldn’t do anything about crows and to stop calling them.
I'm not a big fan of chest hairs, but they are starting to grow on me.
Thomas Aquinas was a philosophical, overweight monk making him the first deep, fat friar.
Long distance relationships aka fapping to still photos like it’s 1996Impotence is nature’s way of saying: No hard feelings.
I used to be a narcissist, but look at me now.
I'm not racist...some of my best friends are, though.
A theatrical performance about puns is just a play on words.
One in four people are Russian dolls
I'm such an optimist, even my blood says B positive.
Are donuts made out of hole wheat?
If you get passed by a hearse is it overtaking or undertaking?
I like almost everything about my new car, but the vehicle’s tailpipe is simply exhausting.
I built an electric fence around my property yesterday and my neighbor is dead against it.I'm going to live forever, or die trying.
A game that has only 1 pixel but the gameplay is so original ppl like it anyways
Rice is great... for when you're hungry and want 2,000 of something
Anything you can choose to do you can be forced to do, so some of your choices have been removed
Thieves have muscles of steal.
We will now have to add “has been to space” for Carfax.
I tried getting my doctor to reattach my severed penis, but he didn't remember me
I met my girlfriend at a chess congress, she made the first move
Crucifixion makes me cross.
Hope you like corn, cause I have plenty of jokes to force feed you
I went to the store to buy some soup but they were out of stock.
I was such a fat baby that instead of a stork, I was delivered by a crane.
I'd say that having the bones in your neck fused is a pretty big decision, but once you do it, you'll never look back.
What do you call a girl that works in a sunbed shop. Tanya.I'm not sure what shocked my mailman more, the fact that I came to the door completely naked, or the fact that I knew where he lived.
Grammar is important because it’s the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your uncle jack off a horse.
A New Years resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
Why the heck did the virgin Mary name her child after a swear word?
In Africa, I saw two small insects running away to get married on an antelope.
I used to be afraid of gardening, but then I grew a pear.
Do you ever think the Earth makes fun of the Moon for having no life?The only thing flat-earthers need to fear, is sphere itself.
Is it quicker to Quebec or by bus?
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, Soviet
My dad told me to invest my money in bonds, so I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger.
I went to the Fibonacci Convention this year, and it was just as good as the last two put together!
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day when a woman asked me to check her balance and I pushed her over.
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59, because I like that one-to-one time.A baby seal walks into a club.
Increase your chances of winning the Lottery by picking numbers which mean something to you personally.
If anyone needs to go to the toilet, speak now or forever hold your piss.
I spent the last 2 years searching for my ex-wife's killer but nobody will do it.
If humans wear underwear, do clouds wear thunderwear?
Yo mama's so fat that when I swerved to avoid hitting her, I ran out of gas.
One nut was chasing after another nut and it yells, "I'm a cashew."
When I asked a taxidermist what she did for a living, she replied with "You know, stuff."
Always smoke pot before an auction, because win or lose, you’ll be the highest bidder.Smoking marijuana for arthritis pain is joint support for joint support.
I killed the entire glove industry with my bare hands
Every "yo mama" joke has been done thousands of times by thousands of different people...kinda like yo mama.
If you are addicted to seaweed, please seek kelp.
I told this girl she'd look sexy with her hair back, but apparently that's something you don't say to a cancer patient?
If you lose your hearing, is it ear replaceable?
When my wife asked me if we had a threesome, whom would I choose, I'm guessing I shouldn't have named two friends.
So I called the Rape Advice Line, but they said that's just for victims?The tetris pieces are all possible shapes of 4 squares
I have this idea for people that like to dabble in surgery. Just for the common person to come and practice being a mortician. An amateur post mortem event so to speak. The one condition is that all the dead bodies belonged to someone called Michael. See, it’s an open mike night.
I know a guy that one day just changed his religion and started wearing a turban. Bit of an attention Sikh if you ask me.
I'm in a love-hate relationship with antonyms
They used to be called "jumpolines" until your mom jumped on one in 1972.
You cannot “run” through a campsite, you can only “ran” because it is past tense.
I'm not saying she's a whore, but she's been on more weiners than ketchup.
Every year, hundreds of students enrol in mime school, never to be heard from again.
I grew up just a stone’s throw away from where a whole family died of mysterious head injuries.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#11, Feb 2018)
If you don’t like someone walk a mile in their shoes, that way you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes
Always carry two sacks, that way when someone asks you for a hand, you can say, "sorry. I've got these sacks..."
a man walks into a zoo, the only animal in the zoo is a dog. It's a shih tzu.What do you mean by saving our questions until the end?
I'd like to think all flight attendants went to boarding school.
I’m not passive-aggressive. Unlike some people I know.
It takes a lot of balls—to golf like me.
Just because no one complains, doesn’t mean all parachutes are perfect.
Went shopping for cherries and a microphone- bought a bing bought a boom.
Well, well, well… Welcome to stutter class.
I’ve told you a million times not to exaggerate!I stay up all night trying to remember if I have insomnia or amnesia
Remember never to trust a staircase as they are always up to something
The fastest way to a man's heart is through his chest with a knife.
Today is the day I start being decisive. Or is it?
It takes skill to answer every question on an IQ test wrong cuz you'd have to know the right answers to avoid picking them so reliably
Every time I hear the phrase "that's the spirit!" I imagine someone picking a ghost out of a lineup.
“I stand corrected,” said the man in his orthopedic shoes.Why isn’t bleaching your anus called changing your ringtone?
i have a tree collection, sadly i lost one the other day so i decided to nail a photo of it to a dog
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
You cant steal from a store since a store is not a person and therefore cant own property
You're gonna need something to wash those tide pods down...
Rest assured, ‪I will not sleep until I find a cure for my insomnia.
"three cheers for rap music, hip hop"
Was going to post a good joke about procrastinating, but I think I’ll do it later.
Garfield hates Mondays because that's the day Jon sexually abuses him.
A lot of people are afraid of heights, but not me, I'm afraid of widths.I have a few jokes about my unemployed friends, but unfortunately none of them work.
Those who forget their pasta are bound to reheat it.
About 3 people die every second, so what makes the tragedy you just mentioned more deserving of attention than them?
In the beginning, God invented prepositions.I’ve stopped asking rhetorical questions. What’s the point?
Constipation sucks. Diarrhea blows.
My job at the concrete plant seems to get harder and harder.
I failed my Chemistry exam so badly that my grade was an Absolute Zero.
Never buy flowers from a monk, because only you can prevent florist friars.
My friend told me I should give my vagina a name, so behold: Janet TaliaI think my doctor really likes my choice of sensible footwear, because I overheard him telling his colleague that I had, "Serious healthy shoes."
The French treat their customers like kings
If someone says you're in denial, but you're really not, what do you say?
I hate peer pressure and you should too.If you are converting decimals to fractions, you are missing the point.
Joke in text-----&gt;
If you work at the hospital and you're sick, should you go to work?
Amazon finally delivered that book about horology that I ordered - it's about time.
Going out to buy some batteries was a real power trip.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
I crashed my brother's old car in the morning since I could not see anything without the Day Time-running Lights
If Wal-Mart and Toys-R-Us would merge, it would be called Wal-R-Us, a slow store with smelly fish on the inside.
Research shows that the Amish have a lower rate of cyber bullying.
Entered what I ate today in my new fitness app: it sent an ambulance to my house.
How the snow plough driver get to work?I always lie. It’s true.
Anyone can roast beef, but nobody can pea soup.
I enjoy bowling, it's right up my alley.
Never accept unsolicited advice.
Sewer workers make an ass load of moneyI was such an ugly baby—that anytime I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up.
My vampire friend was a terrible proofreader because typos made him thirsty
I hear that it's easier to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods but it's harder to deter gents.
Did you know they won't be making yard sticks any longer?
If procrastination was an Olympic sport, I’ll participate in the next one.
If you think about it, your belly button is your old mouth.i went to the book store to ask for a book about turtles, the lady working there asked "hardback?", "yes, and small heads"
1 in 6 people hate Russian Roulette.
My mother used to beat me with a camera, I still have flashbacks.
The economy told me that recycling is bad cuz it costs me time that I could be making more money at work and pays very little and polluting is so cheap, so the economy must be really stupid to make that profitable
I am so pessimistic that even my blood group is B negative.My girlfriend and I just watched a whole season of Game of Thrones back to back - luckily I was the one facing the TV.
Some women say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but I say, those women are aiming just a little too high.
I am not superstitious. I think it’s bad luck.
I hate typos. You mix two letters and your whole post is urined.
I've just started up a dating site for chickens, I mean, it's not my main job, I'm just doing it to make hens meet.
I'm never more nervous than when I insist we are out of something and my wife goes to look for herself.
2 + 2 is 4 - 1 = 3
Canada's border with Mexico is incredibly thick.My said that I just don't understand irony, which was ironic, because we were at a bus stop at the time.
Joan of Arc died on a Thursday. It was a trajeudi.
Why are pizzas round, get delivered in a square box and then eaten as a triangle?
It's pretty easy to stop ladies from eating tide pods, but it's much more difficult to deter gents.
I cannot count how many times I failed math.
I used to be addicted to tide pods, I’m clean nowWhat is never the answer?
I had a bad eating habit so I quit cold turkey.
Having insomnia is a nightmare
Obviously there is no I in team...but shouldn't there be at least one I in Cyclops?
I lost my job as an electrician. I'm shocked.
To err is human; to purr feline.The depressing thing about tennis is no matter how good you are, a wall is better.
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac!
It is hard to make a good joke about prom, because typically the punch line is too long.
I've tried self deprecating humor, but I'm just so bad at it, that it's not even funny
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest (#10, Jan 2018)
My New Years Resolution is to not procrastinate so much
I'm making a male deodorant called Umpire for foul balls.
When dental medicine was introduced, it dropped a lot of jaws.
Not only is it raining cats and dogs, it is hailing cabs.Everybody wants to change the world, but nobody wants to change the toilet paper roll.
The police almost caught a grain thief, but he escaped...barley.
My lucky golf socks have a hole in one.
Newton’s Third Law of marriage: For every action, there is a corresponding overreaction.
If I could have sex with anyone living or dead, I would pick living.A severed foot makes a perfect stocking stuffer
I had a dream I was swimming in a ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta Sea
If I could have any super power, Id pick Russia
Anyone wants to buy an used vacuum cleaner? Mine is gathering dust.
What was so wrong with USA that they had to go and make USB?
If O.J. hadn't murdered his wife, then the Kardashians would have never been famous.
I haven’t had bowel movement in three days, I’m full of shit.
A funeral home may be a nice place to visit but I wouldn’t want to live there
It is fine, to a degree, to butt in on your colleagues as long as you don't involve your butt.
I can always tell when someone’s farted. I have a fifth sense for that sort of thing.I was so ugly as a baby, that when my mom breastfed me, she used to close her eyes and think of other babies.
I swear I can hear Google take a deep breath every time I type into the search bar.
Chickens like to draw, but a cock'll doodle, too.
My son asked if Beavers have whiskers. I told him, its really a woman's right to choose.
If you jack off in a plane is it a Highjack?
The worst time to have a heart attack is during a game of charades.
My wife told me: ‘Sex is better on holiday.’ That wasn’t a nice postcard to receive.
I saw a sign that said "Falling Rocks". I tried it and it doesn't.
When I see "Please drink responsibly." I think it means, "Don't spill it, it's delicious."
If you are protesting the coal industry, it is your words against mine.
If uncle Jack helps you off the elephant, will you help uncle Jack off the elephant?I’m so unfamiliar with my gym that I have started calling it Mr. James.
I once dated a magazine collector and let me tell you, man, she had some issues!
I love taking pictures of myself standing next to boiling water and my doctor says I've got selfie steam issues.
Good thing my computer has spellchucker
Sardonic vegetarians are wry on ham
I was going to start an Apathy Anonymous group, but why bother.
When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent.
I completely ignore Freudian slips. It goes in one ear and out the mother.
We'll, we'll, we'll...if it isn't autocorrect.
Sometimes instead of saying for example I say things such as such as for example.
When they came out with the Philips head screw driver I wonder if the guy who made the flathead like "What?! We can get credit for this?"
I'm dating an Italian bricklayer and it's cement to be!
I started a sarcasm club. It would mean the world to me if you would join.I was born with 3 penises instead of legs; when I kick a woman's ass, it's automatically rape.
My girlfriend wanted us to try the missionary position, so I went off to Africa for a few months.
The best ad for an anti-aging cream will be footage of a baby yelling, "Shit. I put too much on."
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
The hardest part about starting a new relationship is learning how to fart silently again.
A book just fell on my head, but I’ve only got my shelf to blame.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it’s only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy’s truck leaves him too.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I just had to put my foot down.
If someone tells you pigs can’t fly, remind them that in the past, swine flu.My mayonnaise is trying kill me or so my sauces tell me.
I Fell in Love With a Girl From the Capital of South Korea. I Guess You Could Say She's My Seoul Mate
I went to this doctor for a checkup and all he did was suck my blood. Do not go to Dr. Acula
I had Wookie for dinner, it was Chewy.
Life is a poker hand- play the hand you are delt. I've got the nut-flush and I'm rinsing my mouth with it
A faulty electric switch is like a click bait article, because what’ll happen next will shock you.
If you are alone and taking Viagra, you are just being hard on yourself.
Pickpockets are cheaper than hookers if all you need is a fondle.
If you lose your mood ring, look at the bright side: you might not feel sad about it.
If you are ever attacked by a bunch of circus performers, go for the juggler.I just published my first book about poltergeists and the store told me they're flying off the shelves.
If you bring up plastic surgery in Hollywood, no one raises an eyebrow.
If you would like to make little things count, teach math to children.
As a Jim Morrison fan, I get really upset whenever I hear my children slam the doors.Is a crazy horse unstable?
You have two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
Brains are the power we hold over monkeys that we control most of the banana farms
Probably the worst thing you can hear when you’re wearing a bikini is, “Good for you!”
My child was acting up at the doctor’s: so I asked him to be a little patient.
You’ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions.
I bet Glen Campbell wishes rhinestone rhymed with minestrone.
A lot of people cry when they cut onions, but the trick is not to form an emotional bond.
When I lost my rifle, the Army charged me $585 and that’s why, in the Navy, the captain goes down with the ship.
I think it’s pretty cool how the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos.I played in a snooker tournament for the emotionally unstable - I was first to break.Trying to put dinosaur skeletons back together must be a mammoth task.
If I can't drown in Flem, I am Flembuoyant.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
I was up all night thinking of a joke, then it dawned on me.
A zen student asked the hot dog vendor to make him one with everything.
How to get a song stuck in your head, in your head, zombie, zombie...
I attended my first cosplay today. Dressed up as a lettuce.
Dwarf shortage.
Only kids who fail math celebrate 4/20, see, I reduced the fraction and drank a fifth of tequila on January 5th.
We got my dog from the Amish so he REALLY hates his shock-collarMidwives help people out.
Millenials. Walking around like they rent the place.
I have sex almost everyday; I almost had it today
Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
Nascar is very popular in North Korea because it has no rights.I have a girlfriend
Why is bleaching your anus not called "changing your ringtone"?
Is it ever appropriate to fart in the perfume alley?
If you don't believe in human perseverance, you clearly haven't seen a smoker trying to use a broken lighter.
I tried to kidnap a blacksmith, but when I turned my back, he made a bolt for the door.
I wonder if my vet's receptionist realizes how many people's passwords she knows?I was trying not to wake anyone up the other night, so I put some French pancakes on my feet and crepéd up the stairs...
When someone says, "You do the math.", you should also offer to assist them in their grammar.
White Boards are remarkable.
Can you get tan when it's 90 degrees?
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'chameleon' next to an empty cage.
The shovel is a groundbreaking inventionI can't tie a reef knot, granny knot, surgeon's knot, hangman's knot or a square knot, but my headphones sure as heck can.
I don’t give a flying fuck if people are having sex on my airplane.
I like to eat at Brazilian restaurants because I know there won't be any hair in my food.
If a fire-fighter's business can go up in smoke, and a plumber's business can go down the drain, can a hooker get laid off?
Three guys walk into a bar. You'd think the third guy would notice.
Erotic is using a feather, kinky is using the whole chicken.My poor knowledge of greek mythology has always been my achilles elbow
My friend has a villa in the south of France that he claims is in St-Laurent-du-Var - It's really Nice.
Today I tried to buy an entire chess set at a pawn shop.
When he was young, Aqua Man was known as Water Boy.It is so cold that I had to cut up my piano for firewood, unfortunately I only got two chords.
I wonder if the Arachnophobia Hotline has a web site.
I want to be challenged mentally at work, not made to feel mentally challenged.
I admired my Indian friend's headwear, so I said to him "Dude, Sikh turban"
I'm gana break a broom handle off in your ass and sweep the floor with youWhenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock.
I saw a sign that said, “watch for children” and I thought, “that sounds like a fair trade.”
With great power, comes great electricity bills.
Remember guys, if your wife is eating for two, you're drinking for three
90% of being married is shouting “WHAT!?” from other rooms.
diaherra is like hair color; it runs in your genes (jeans)
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him, my fault for buying a pure bread dog.
Broke my personal record for most consecutive days lived!
Remember, It’s not drinking alone if you’re pregnant
Someone please tell me how I "lack self-awareness".
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way, that you will look forward to the trip.
I find it hard to believe that I'm a sceptic.9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin.
No matter how empathetic your kids are, German children will always be kinder.
Never eat too many chickpeas because you'll falafel.
Ahhh, I remember 2017 like it was yesterday :'(
Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away or is it just one of granny's myths?
You know your going to drown in milk when it's past your eyes.
I lost my job as a stage designer today and I left without making a scene.
If we lose the time before us, The future will ignore ass
I won the million-dollar lottery and decided to donate a quarter of it to charity...now I have 999,999.75.
[NSFW] Hardwood dildos are hard to come by.
I am a man of simple interests, although my Credit Card company vehemently disagrees.
Reading is just staring at a dead piece of wood and hallucinating.
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy meWhat would happen if there were no hypothetical questions?
Eating pineapple is so boring. Very Dole.
I remember 2017 like it was yesterday.
We got my dog from the Amish, so he REALLY hates his shock collar.
I’m opening a ramen delivery service called Send Noods.
My friends in Australia are in 2018, my friends in California are in 2017 and my friends in Smiths Falls are stuck in 1989.Humor is such a funny thing.
Green is my favorite color, I love it more than blue and yellow combined.
Shout out to all the people who don’t know what the opposite of in is
Is reading “Do Not Touch” in braille breaking the rules?
Pilots have the coolest job ever man, even on work days, they Take Off.
If you have to ask how much a Mustang costs before you buy it, it's probably more than you can af-Ford.If a soft drink machine is outside during sub freezing weather, it becomes a drink warmer.
Diarrhea runs in my family.
I only believe in 12.5% of the bible, which makes me an eighth theist.
Are there a lot of first-person singular objective pronouns or is it just me?
My New Year's revolution is to proofread more.
I tried to make French bread, but it was a pain.
y= mx + c
On a scale of 0 to 1, how binary are you?
Recently I was at a store walking down the flash drives and hard drives section, I have to say, it was quite a walk down the memory lane.
Whatever you do in life, always give 100%...unless you're donating blood.Simply put a % sign after your age to see how dead you are...
My circumcision was so rough that I didn't talk until years later.
"He shoots! He scores!" has never made any sense to me, because in my world, I need to score before I can shoot.
I've been so stressed recently I've been doing that Chinese thing with the needles, you know ... heroin.
60% of my jokes are funny 100% of the time.I was so ugly as a baby, that when my mom breastfed me, she used to close her eyes and think of other babies.
I want to go tree hug the racist trees in Palm Springs.
A 6.9 is a good thing screwed up by a period.
Southerners can do pretty good Civil War impressions, General Lee speaking.
My pet gecko couldn't move, he has a reptile dysfunction
Behind every angry woman is a man who has absolutely no idea what he did wrong.I was trying to remember who voiced Bugs Bunny and Porky Pig, but my mind drew a Blanc.
I'm not redundant anymore like I was before when I was redundant
I recently found that I couldnt stop singing 'What's new pussycat' again and again - I asked the doctor what was happening - he said I had Tom Jones Syndrome - I said is it common? He said it's not unusual.
If you become an Archaeologist your career will be in ruins
This morning, I woke up and Jack Frost was nipping at my toes... So I kicked him in the nose!I'm a master at forgery. I have all the certificates to prove it.
Who is Eve and why does everyone wish them a merry Christmas?
A guy with dyslexia walks into a bra.
I love getting drunk on Christmas - I guess you can say I'm getting into the holiday spirit.
what do u call ghost poop? a BOO Boo
Prostitution is all about making ends meet.I was at a loss for words when I dropped my alphabet soup.
I was about 12 when my mom told me that Santa Claus was my father. I'm not sure if she ever told my dad.
You decorate a canoe for Christmas with oar-naments.
As a kid I was made to walk the plank because we couldn't afford a dog.
With grate power, comes lots of shredded cheese.
If I get a Master's in Betting...am I a Master Better
It’s Christmas Eve, not Christmas Steve.
Listened to Delilah by Tom Jones for the first time ever today. Turned it off after 30 seconds. I just couldn't take anymore.If you find that what you believe is wrong, keep believing it in case it becomes true
The secret to a great Hawaiian pizza is to cook it at aloha temperature.
I'm against gay marriage for the same reason im against straight marriageAre graverobber meetups called shindigs?
I asked a Mohel "what's the scalpel for?" and he answered "foreskin".
My phone just filmed a 3 hour documentary about life inside my pocket...
With great reflexes, comes great response ability.
statistically most people wet the bed during the wee hours of the morning
What do you get when you cross a donkey with an onion? A piece of ass that will bring a tear to your eye.
No matter how old you are, an empty wrapping paper tube is still a light saber.I got so drunk last night, I don’t know if I found some keys or lost a car.
I've always wondered why a Frisbee appears to get larger the closer it gets. Then it hit me.
75% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
If a lesbian is a chick magnet, does she repel women?
69% of all people infer sex in everything they read.
It must be hard to flirt as a pirate
Its time to kick ass or chew bubble gum....and I'm all outta gum
Most pastas are very serious, but there are a fusili.
Raising children is easy, just keep the boys away from the blue lights and girls from the red lights.I called Doris Day's cousin the other day. She hates when I call her that.
Christmas these days is a lot like having sex, the build up is great, but when it finally comes, I regret spending all that money.
If you dont like assholes then donate yours to someone who needs a transplant
Assassins wear leather because it is made of hide
Begging for money on the streets makes a lot of cents.
I think one of my dads is gay.Everytime I get a ride through the underground with my coworker, my wrist hurts. Stupid carpool tunnel.
Thrusting too hard is a dick move.
Everyone says I talk too much and should get help so I started attending On&amp;On Anon meetings.
Everytime i get a a ride through the underground with my coworker, my wrist hurts. Stupid carpool tunnel.
Mary &amp; Joseph. Now there's a Stable relationship.I've got a hunch I'm related to Quasimodo
Everyone has a photographic memory, but some just don't have the film.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
I tried to kill myself by jumping off a bridge but fight or flight kicked in.
I aim to please....and I never miss
I haven’t talked to my wife in three weeks. I didn’t want to interrupt her.Atheist Jesus has low self-esteem because he doesn’t believe in himself.
Someone just stole my mood ring and I’m not sure how to feel about that.
I've just been diagnosed as bi-polar and I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
What do you get when you combine an ironic joke with a rhethorical question?You gotta hand it to blind hookers
All my one liners are unfunny.
If the queen had balls, she’d be the king.
"I see," said the blind man.
I’ve successfully grown a field of dildos, but now I have a problem with squatters.
The best Christmas present is a broken drum, because you just can't beat it.
I was in love with a tennis player, but it meant nothing to her.
I'd love to know what the media would do if there was ever a scandal about a gate.If Harrison Ford, in a "carpe diem" mood, killed a ghetto Mexican with a Cuban sugar knife over a casual collared shirt and some chocolate covered caramel, then pleaded no contest, would it be a Solo yolo polo Rolo cholo bolo nolo?
I tried to bring two dead chickens with me on my flight, but they said I was only allowed one carrion.
I bet the spider in my car mirror wonders why it gets real windy twice a day.
I'm celebrating my birthday this weekend; it was seven months ago, but I need an excuse to get drunk.
Accordion to a study, 93% won't notice if a word has been replaced with an instrument.
They call me captain obvious because I state the obvious
I eat posters of celebrities because I'm fame hungry.
1 in 81 people liked mundane statistics.The Four F's are Fight Flight Feed and reproduce.
The Dove is the bird of love but the Swallow is the bird of true love.
"We need to talk", thought the caveman.Of all my friends, I am the most competitive.
Ice hockey is basically just guys wearing knife shoes and fighting each other with long sticks for the last Oreo.
I love telling Dad Jokes. He loves them.
My boss told me I intimidate my coworkers, so I just stared at him until he apologized.
Stoner thoughts are highdeas.
There are so many scams on the Internet these days and for $19.95, I can show you how to avoid them!
"Music was better when ugly people were allowed to make it."
When Someone Asks What It's Like To Be Dead?
It's okay password, I'm insecure too.Hearing a new release is music to my hears.
I didn't know which hammer to get my dad, but I think I nailed it.
Everything's a UFO when you're nearsighted
Are you feeling cold? Sit in the corner, it is 90 degrees
Remember, you cant spell advertisements without semen between the tits.
My financial advisor said I needed to budget better, so I fired him.
There's a lot of unrest in the insomniac community./
Man I love math debating it’s the best
__________________________________
When I hear "there is nothing funny about", I expect to hear something funny that they prefer was not funny
I just watched a program on National Geographic about beaver colonies, and it dam show I've seen in awhile.
It cost me $500 to fly economy class, and what a waste of money, I still know nothing about economics
If you suffer from Schizophrenia, you're not alone.
My grandfather died peacefully in his sleep, the 3 passengers weren't so lucky
When Santa thinks of you, he touches his elf.Apparently, 3.5 out of 7 people over-complicate things.
I've grown to hate low ceilings.
I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided completely if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
"Let's take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first."
He who laughs last, thinks slowest.
Santa has a really big sack because he only comes once a year.
Two construction workers had a stairing contest.
Every time my washing machine is on "final spin," I feel like I'm on Wheel Of Fortune.
My friend's selling a load of broken yo-yos, no strings attached.
Roses are red violets are blue, I’m schizophrenic and so am I.
It's really important to obey the laws of grammar, after all rules is rules.
I asked my friend a question while he was eating an orange, but all I got was a pithy response.I went bobsleighing the other day, killed around 250 bobs
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana
I’ve been told I’m condescending(that means I talk down to people)
I hope Elon Musk doesn’t ever get into.a scandal because Elongate willbe really drawn out
If a deer stands in a rain does it become rendier?
If sex with three people is called a threesome and sex with four people is called a foursome, I guess I know why everyone calls me handsome.
So what if I don’t know what Armageddon means, it’s not the end of the world...
If Santa's little helpers ate outside, would they be dining elfresco?I once bought some used paint, and it was in the shape of a house
Dear Satan, all I want for Christmas is a cure for my dyslexia.
At the mall my parents said I could pick anything, so I picked my nose.
I think diarrhea is hereditary, because it certainly runs in your jeans!
I'm not sure why people are so obsessed about food in beards; it's disgusting.
Santa doesn’t have kids because he only comes once a year, and then it’s down the chimney
If you're having trouble understanding fractions, don't worry, our helpline is open 24/7.
The difference between outlaws and inlaws is that outlaws are wanted/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#9, December 2017)
When my wife asked what she wanted for Christmas, she said to me "Nothing would make her happier than a diamond necklace." So I bought her nothing.
My uncle was recently killed after being electrocuted by a faulty plug socket and needless to say the whole family is in a state of shock
“Conflict-free wedding ring” is an oxymoron
Proofreading can help raise the bra on dyslexia induced errors.
A homeless drunk sees a dog licking his balls and tells his buddy "I wish I could do that" to which he replied "Don't you think you should pet him &amp; see if he's friendly first?"
When I accidentally bought the wrong type of bread, my day had gone a rye
A dyslexic woman walks into a bra
Whiteboards are remarkableFreddie Mercury was the first planet to become a star.
If a parsley farmer gets sued, can they garnish his wages?
is this a good roast?
I'm pickle rick give me my sczhechuan sauce pls
Heroin, might be worth a shot.
I never speak in absolutes.
I try to live every day as though it were my last and who wants to do laundry on the last day they’re alive?
If a biopic of Roy Moore is ever made, the producers need to hire Roman Polanski to direct it.
When is was a child i could never snap my fingers but one day when is was practicing it just clickedA computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
My doctor tells me not to watch porn anymore, apparently the screen is irritating my nose.
If an angel statue is removed from a fountain, does that make it a sans seraph font?
I'm still watching the Never Ending Story.
As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.People who are afraid of Santa are "Claustrophobic."
(Not mine) I was talking to my north korean friend the other day and i asked how it was going, he said he couldn't complain.
If Tupac had made music with Sade, they could have been a band called two packs a day.
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
Christmas is no different than my job, I do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit
A politician is someone who will double cross that bridge when he comes to it.
OK Children, let's talk about childhood obesity and if you could all look at my pie chart for a moment...
The only thing that flat earthers fear, is sphere itself.
Being a male porn star must be hard.
Performing cunnilingus on your uncle's wife makes you an aunt eater.
I told my wife she drew her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
My wife told me: ‘Sex is better on holiday.’ That wasn’t a nice postcard to receiveYou don’t need a parachute to go skydiving, you need a parachute to go skydiving twice
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather, not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car
Assuming someone is good at oral sex is as foolish as assuming a plumber is good at brain surgery.
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering.
If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand
Two peanuts walk into a bar, and one was a salted
The best way to communicate with a fish is to drop them a line.
How hilarious would it be if farts were like yawns, contagious.In communist Russia, what's missing from G_lag?
My idea for a poison dart frog exhibit didn't go over with the petting zoo.
This Fibonacci joke is as bad as the last two you heard combined.
As a dyslexic devil worshipper I sold my soul to Santa19 &amp; 20 got into a fight, 21.
I take great pride in being humble.
I love music...it's like Aural sex.
After years of teasing my girlfriend about her anorexia, she finally snapped.
Circles are pointless.
"My entire life has lead up to this moment" is always a true statement
Programmers wear glasses because they can't C#
Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by removing their vocal cords, this way, they'll never croak.
As I was leaving the sperm bank the lady at the front desk told me,”Thanks for cumin!”I accidentally took Viagra instead of my sleeping pills - I was up all night.
The police asked me if I would take a lie detector, I said yes and now I have been charged with conspiracy to commit theft.
When I was younger I felt like a man trapped inside a woman’s body and then I was born.
If two vegetarians are having a fight, can we still say they're having a beef?!
Does running late count as exercise?
When the doctor informed me I was colorblind, the news came right out of the green.
If there’s one thing I’m gouda at, it’s being cheesy
Older folks read #MeToo as "Pound Me Too"
There are so many scams on the Internet these days, but for $19.95, I can show you how to avoid them.
If handjobs were an Olympic sport, I'm the guy to beatDon't you hate it when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it octopus.
I made a Facebook page for Chinese Nazis. It has three reichs already.
I really want to buy one of these grocery checkout dividers but the lady keeps putting it back.
Mechanical Engineers build weapons, Civil Engineers build targets.I was kicked out of my church on Trivia Night
The date-rape drug for necrophiliacs is cyanide.
Digging tunnels is a boring job.
Plateaus are the highest form of flattery.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don’t need it.
Just ordered 4 Kindles from Amazon and they sent me a Two Ronnie's DVDDaredevil cafeteria employee works without a hair net.
After Tuesday, even the calender goes wtf.
What do you get when you mix a joke and a rhetorical question?
I have a Polish friend who has a job as a sound engineer and I have a Czech one too.
You’ve really gotta hand it to blind prostitutes
If you don’t think sexism is alive and well today, you’re as dumb as a woman.
Sex is not the answer, Its the question, "Yes" is the answer
Pornhub's servers are pretty good, seeing as they can handle huge loads.I like Jesus, but he loves me, so it’s awkward.
What's more disturbing...
The best advice on contraception a mother can give her daughter is simply to use her head.
I’ve decided to stop masturbating and since then, I’ve not really felt myself.
Does this cloth smell like chloroform to you?
My Dad told me to invest my money in bonds, so I bought 100 copies of Goldfinger.I had a complaint about my meditation classes, so I was referred to the Ommmbudsman.
Nihilist store robbed at gunpoint. Fortunately, nothing of value was taken.
I got off in court so they locked me up.
I have an EpiPen. My friend gave it to me when he was dying, it seemed very important to him that I have it.
What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, but never has 5 letters.
My grandmother would be rolling in her ditch if she knew how much money I spent on her funeral.I just bought a Swedish dog, and it keeps bjarking at the neighbors
It's Black Friday...what's the big deal?
I've heard that reincarnation is making a comeback
When William joined the army, he disliked the phrase ‘fire at will’.
Condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion.
Bad actors have their work cut out.
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges.
I just put a stick in my non-stick pan.“I love you too,” he lied.
It's very risky when you butt dial somebody and they pick up, because then it's your ass on the line.
I don't know what the best thing about Switzerland is, but the flag is a big plus.
You can't tell jokes to thieves because they take everything literally.
Did you know that wrong is spelt wrong in the dictionary?
Don't let missing a chromosome get you down!
I call my weed The Koran, because burning that shit will get you stoned.
Every birthday is a surprise birthday when you reach 80 years of age.
Man, all this talk about net neutrality makes me so Ajitated.
An ad for a sandwich shop said "Lettuce meat olive your eggspectations"
If the Starship Enterprise, 'boldly goes where no one has gone before', how come they always meet somebody?I tried to start a club for Erectile Dysfunction, but it was a total flop, nobody came.
The difference between a cat and a complex sentence is that a cat has claws at the end of its paws and a complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
If you hate being spoken to like you're a student, please raise a hand.
Did I already do my déjà vu joke?In this society you gotta have balls to grow a moustache
I used to be scared of pretty girls and then I realized they were just as scared of me.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, but until I catch one I'm stuck here holding my rod.
Sometimes pregnancy lasts so long, it seems like a maternity.
I met a one-legged woman outside of a club the other day...she was a bouncer.
The funeral service industry can never die.
Someone just threw a bottle of Omega 3 pills at me, but don’t worry, I only suffered super fish oil injuries.
A group of kindergartners is called a migraine.
Breaking: Caitlyn Jenner accuses Bruce Jenner of years of sexual harassment.
As a keen enviromentalist, I, like most people, only wash my hands when there's someone else in the bathroom at the same time.When you dream in color, is it a pigment of your imagination?
My friend asked me if I had a blind pet. I replied "I've no eye deer."
My penis is only three inches long, but it smells like a foot.
A group of people is called no thanks.
One tectonic plate bumped into another and said, “Sorry, my fault.”
Velcro
What Do You Call A Nuns Nipples?
Never hit a man with glasses, hit him with a baseball bat.
I was attacked by a group of mimes yesterday...they did unspeakable things to me.
People are choosing cremation over traditional burial, which shows that they are thinking out of the box.
My career counselor told me "You can't be an exhibitionist", I replied "Watch me"Girls are like roads, more the curves, more the dangerous they are.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
I have a trophy wife
Last night I played a blank tape at full blast and the mime next door went nuts.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you’re doing it wrong…
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
RomeoAndJuliet.docx is a play on Word.
I just saw Toy Story in 3D and the guy in 4D asked me to take off my hat.Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is ¿
When baking dog biscuits, be sure to use collie flour.
I recently bought 51% of a vampire hunting company so now I'm the main stake holder.
I’ve spent the past two years looking for my ex-girlfriend’s killer… but no one will do it.If you die at the climax of a sexual encounter, are you coming or going?
When chemists die, they barium
Gaskterrakakorrhaphiophobia is a fear of pronouncing Gaskterrakakorrhaphiophobia incorrectly !
Dwarf shortage
If you only have sex with prostitutes you should be considered buysexual.
If you copy from one author, it’s plagiarism. If you copy from two, it’s research
A diamond ring is a way of telling a woman, "I love you so much I want African children to suffer just so your finger can shine."
Is it true that an apple a day, keeps the doctor away, or is it just one of Granny's myths?
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst
I got so drunk last night, I started a fight with a mop and I wiped the floor with him.
You have a face for radio.
This morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas, I don't know
I met someone online who shares my fetish for urinating on dried fruit, so we’re going to go on a date next week.
I recently called my necrophiliac friend. I asked him how his wife was doing; he replied: "The rotten cunt split on me!"
Why did the chicken cross the road. Because it was a dumbass.Some people need a pat on the back... off a cliff
If I had a pet newt I would name it Tiny, because it would be my newt.
I️ never thought I’d have a beard, but now it’s starting to grow on me.
Does working for UPS make you a professional boxer?
Micro transactions -- It's in the game.
Did you hear about the optometrist who fell into a lens grinder and made a spectacle of himself?
It's not unlike me to use double negatives.
I’m forever disappointed that a group of squids isn’t called a squad
I'm pretty good at looking through telescopes; I can do it with one eye closed.If a Norwegian robot analyzes a bird, it Scandinavian.
I found out I was colour blind yesterday, the diagnoses just came out of the purple.
Interesting fact: when you smack your head against a keyboard five times you invent a new medicine.
You can't just keep printing things out as if paper grows on trees.I used to date a girl with a squint but she said she couldn't see me anymore.
If brown houses can be made from brownstone and red houses from red brick then what are greenhouses made from?
“My wife told me: ‘Sex is better on holiday.’ That wasn’t a very nice postcard to receive.”
You mess with the bee keeper, you get the hornets.
My hooker always says 'it's been a business doing pleasure with you' when i pay her.Prostitution is a hole sale business.
CPR - the human equivalent of CTRL ALT DELETE
I signed up for my company's 401K but I don't think I can run that far
People who live in stone houses, shouldn't throw glasses.
I must have a nice butt, because every time I turn around, I hear people whisper "What an ass."
What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? Still no eye deer.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? : No eye deer.
Just in time for Christmas, stores are now stocking French Army knives, featuring 6 corkscrews and a white flag.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I just can't put it down.
Velcro - what a rip off!
England has no kidney bank, but it does have a Liverpool.
I changed my iPod's name to Titanic. It's syncing now.Yo mama's so ugly, when she stared into the abyss, the abyss looked away.
Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner.
Midgets understand everyone.
Maybe my dad really IS Santa Clause?
I tried to convince my friend to join the nudist movement, but he was too clothes-minded
Opinion is like an arsehole, everyone has one.
When you think about it, the greatest act of trust is two cannibals giving each other oral sex.
I heard that if you drink every day, it means you're an alcoholic, so now, I only drink at night."I see," said the blind man as he pissed into the wind. "It's all coming back to me now." ...
My wife keeps making sarcastic comments about my receding hairline and it's starting to wear a bit thin now.
They're always telling me to live my dreams. But I don't want to be naked in an exam I haven't revised for...
I was just reading through that book "50 Things to do Before You Die" and I was really surprised that none of them was "Shout for help!" ...
I met Louis C.K. on the street. I said to him: "I'm sorry about all of those accusations for sexual misconduct, it must be hard for you." He said: "Yeah, I'm just gonna go get have a little stroke on it."Stoners in Tech deploy in the cloud.
Donald Trump is the 45th greatest president of the United States.
Kevin Spacey is the second fake president this year to be accused of sexual assault.
People think I’m weird because I swallowed an abacus, but it’s what’s inside that counts.
I once sat next to an insurance salesman at a Robbie Williams gig. And through it all, he offered me protection.
I was going to change the battery in my wife's toy but she decided to put it in herself.
Coke dealers are always sticking their business in other people’s noses.I like to hold hands at the movies, which always seems to startle strangers.
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day, teach a man to fish and he will sit in a boat drinking beer all day.
Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed?
Onions are like people, there are many layers to them and you cry when you chop them up.
Where there’s a will, I want to be in it.
Sending a message in braille is the best way to get in touch with someone.
Insult someone using braille so they really feel it.
I know tomorrows winning lottery numbers exist but that seeing of the future doesnt seem to help in knowing if a winning number with a 5 exists
Whenever I go to the park and someone asks me which child is mine, I like to tell them I'm still deciding.
Government of the rich people, buy the people, for the rich people shall not perish from earth!
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Water boarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds really great if you don’t know what either of those things are
A doctor lost his arm in an accident and it was humerus.
Apparently, most people lean slightly forward when they nod their head and I must say, I’m inclined to agree.
The golfer had to buy a new pair of socks, because he had a hole in one.Given a choice between a thing with rungs for climbing onto roofs and a guy who makes things out of clay, I choose the former.
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
"Righty tighty, lefty loosey" isn't a statement about females and politics.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
I never finish my sente
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush; but either is preferable to three birds inside your anus.
The difference between a gay dude and a refrigerator is that the fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.
So a dyslexic man walks into a bra.
I can hold my own in the bedroom but I prefer someone else does it.
Has anyone worked out what the missing letter in me_irl is yet?
How do people make new mates? Asking for a friend.Poop jokes aren't my favorite, but they're a solid number two.
The worst part of being an insomniac is having to eat spiders while I’m awake to maintain my yearly average.
It’s okay password, I’m insecure too.
I'd like to dedicate this next joke to my father who was a roofer, so, Dad, if you're up there....
I was attacked by a group of mimes and they did unspeakable things to me.
A truckload of Vicks VapoRub has crashed on the highway and the police are saying that there will be no congestion for at least twenty four hours.
I just took Viagra and Exlax, and now I don't know if I'm coming or going.
Why can only one train go through the tunnel at a time? Because it's a one liner.
Bonnie Tyler has released a DVD called “How not to save free kicks”. It’s just totally clips of Joe Hart
I’ve given up asking rhetorical questions. What’s the point?
When coach asked if I could keep a secret, he put me in an awkward position.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing and mean your mother.
When I die, I hope that my casket will be frowned upon.
In 2015 PornHub tried to crowdfund a porn film in space, I never really took off.
Edward Scissorhands will never win a game of rock, paper, scissors.
I went to a pet shop and put a sign saying 'Chameleon' next to an empty cage...
I used to be a great trapeze acrobat, but I had to quit because I was bringing home a very little net pay.
It's impossible to drown a boy ant.
Whoever snuck the s in “fast food” is a clever person.I really enjoyed the circus this year, it was intense.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
I’m not saying you’re a slut, but your spit would be accepted at a sperm bank.
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.
Police were called to a day care, where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
Why is the t-rex always angry ? Cause it can't reach its junk with its tiny arms.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.
My grandma told me back in her days she barely had $10 but will go out of a grocery store with several bags worth of food. She said nowadays it's a bit tougher because CCTV's are everywhere.
In music a 7th chord leaves you with a sense of incompleteness, like a set-up without a
I feel like I am having Deja Vu again.
Last week, I had a Kid's Meal at McDonald's because kids are usually easier to push around and steal from.
bored ... ??
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.The inventor of Lifesavers made a mint.
I was just diagnosed with colorblindness, which came completely out of the purple.
I feel so lonely that I bought shares of stock today so I could have a bit of company
Do some people like to single themselves out, or is it just me?
The difference between deer nuts and beer nuts is that beer nuts are a $1.75, but deer nuts are under a buck.
I have "still no idea" for the name of my dead blind elk.
I got an e-mail saying, 'At Google Earth, we can read maps backwards!' and I thought to myself, "That's just spam."
My brother has both his legs cut off right under his knees. He calls himself Neil.
What's the definition of mixed emotions? : When you see your mother-in-law backing off a cliff in your new car.
A boomerang is like a frisbee for a really lonely guy.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are, but I laugh more.
I used to see this girl across the street from me, but she closes her curtains now.
5/7ths of honesty is really sweet.
I don't trust trees, they're too shady.
OK I am an asshole but the world needs assholes because the shit has to go somewhere.
My sister has only one leg. She calls herself Eileen.
An ape that works reception is a who-rang-utan.Money launderers are filthy rich!
Someone stole my prosthetic arm, I ended up finding it in a secondhand shop..
A baker's life is a piece of cake.
Why are some of the jokes on here so bad timing?
I can't think of a single person who's in a relationship.
Before I criticize someone I always walk a mile in their shoes, that way I'm a mile away and I have their shoes.
I've spent the last 2 years looking for my ex's killer, but no one wants to do it.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
The last thing my father said before he kicked the bucket was, "Watch how far this goes!"
I'm currently boycotting any company that sells items I can't afford.
The vegan decided to quit cold turkey.
The gender neutral term for sugar daddy is glucose guardian
Parenting is filled with wonder, like wondering why your keys are in the toilet - again.
Cleaning a vacuum cleaner makes you a vacuum cleanerI bought a book on the most influential Asian activists out there, but there was nothing inside.
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Hash tags are really just octothorpisms.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he's still making fun of me.
So everyone was staring at this guy with a steering wheel on his crotch then he said "It's driving me nuts!"
My sister wanted to learn how to drive a stick shift, but she couldn't find a manual.
Is it just me or is there another way of saying 'Only I?
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday!
My dad told me to stop masturbating or I would go blind, and I said "Dad, I'm over here."
I live on the top floor of my building, and the lift insists on opening at every floor. It's just wrong on so many levels.
The first time I got a universal remote control, I thought to myself, "This changes everything."
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I just burned 2,000 calories. That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap.
Sometimes I like to use big words I don't understand to make myself sound more photosynthesis.
As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, "Dogs are easily amused", then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
When people go underwater in movies, I hold my breath to see if I would have survived the situation- I almost died watching Finding Nemo.
I still miss my ex, but my aim is getting better.
With the latest Hollywood sex scandal, Kevin Spacey couldn't keep his interest in teenage boys under Rapp.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? "Are you sure it's mine?"I would prefer tulips on an organ than roses on a piano.
A grenade fell onto a kitchen floor in France and resulted in Linoleum Blownapart.
To the man on crutches, dressed in camouflage, who stole my wallet - you can hide, but you can't run.
There is a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters, but I can Samurais it for you.
My builder kept hinting that he was going to replace my faulty driveway, but he wouldn't give me anything concrete.
The advantage of easy origami is twofold.
I made a time machine,but it has a glitch that makes it to take one second to take me one second in future
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
To the construction worker cutting wood outside my house, I know what you saw.
When you’ve seen one shopping center you’ve seen a mall.
I was fired from the keyboard factory today because I wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are- but I laugh more
Some people just have a way with words, and some...um... not have way
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... Scaring men is easy.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
Atheists don't solve exponential equations because they don't believe in higher powers.
I bought an album of Coldplays greatest hits and it was blank
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
Never judge a song by it's cover.
My dad said he cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that he may have greater problem.
Being dyslexic in college really stinks, especially when you're in a fart.
We all know Albert Einstein was a genius, but his brother Frank was a monster..
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#8, November 2017)
I wanted to make some butter in a short amount of time, but it took an echurnity.
I just asked my husband if he remembers what today is... scaring men is easy.Hay fever. More like gay beaver.
For Christmas last year I got a sweater, this year I would prefer a moaner or a squirter.
If a mime locked himself in a greenhouse, would anybody know he needed help?
When you say the word “poop,” your mouth moves the same way your anus does when you poop; same applies for explosive diarrhea.
Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
I just realized that the word "bed", looks like a bed...
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night...
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with “Guess” on it…so I said “Implants?”
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
You know the law firm Bend, Twist, and Stretch? They had to fire Contort because she was too scared to get the firm sued.
I tried to catch some fog, but I mist. Snow way that was going to happen.
The cashier asked if I wanted to donate to help homeless kids in Africa, but I told her there was no need because I already gave them a "Like" on Facebook.
Your face looks like it caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with an ice pick
‪I'm so attracted to my lesbian neighbor, when I see her I can't even think straight. ‬
I bought one of those tapes to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, the tape skipped. Now I can only stutter in Spanish.
What do you call a transgender person with a child? Transparent
If you can't tell the difference between a spoon and a ladle, then you're fat.
If I had a buck for every math exam I failed, I dunno how much I’d have.
Once I was fired as a referee for being a whistle blower.Imagine being naked and walking into a room and everyone wants to touch you. That's the life of a dog or cat.
My friend Thomas asked me if I celebrated Halloween, I said "I'm not a fan Tom!"
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
I once had to be the one to tell my grandfather, "Grampa, you've had a stroke, but now I need you to take your hand out of my pants."
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station...
I like my women like my cigars- 7 years old and smuggled in a burlap sack from Cuba
I was double fisting in a second hand store.
I’m not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone
Children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
Kevin got too close. He was not Spacey enough.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met.
My girlfriend is like a fine wine - kept in the cellar on a rack.
I would call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth nor the depth.Thieves who steal corn from a garden could be charged with stalking.
Dark humor is kind of like food, not everyone gets it.
The worst time to have an heart attack is during a game of charades!
Two words: I can’t count
The guy who invented the door knocker should get the No Bell Prize.
This Congress couldn't pass a sandwich across a table.
I lost my job as a skier. After that, my life just went downhill.
I for one like Roman numerals
Good artists borrow. Great artists steal. You know who said that? Me.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but two wrights did make an airplane.
I don't know what to wear to my premature ejaculation society meeting, so I just came in my pants.
There's no "I" in "Liar"
MAGA stands for Many Are Getting Arrested.
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
Knowing sign language is pretty damn handy!
I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted.
Coffee is not my cup of tea.
I blame my parents for my inability to take responsibility for my shortcomings.
Why do I still have baby fat? I stopped eating babies years ago.
Girl you're like a car accident, cause I just can't look away.
My dad is a responsible golfer. No matter how many clubs he hits, he always brings a designated driver.
You will always win a race against a pedophile, because they like to come a little behind
My girlfriend hates it when I make jokes about her weight.. she needs to lighten up.9 out of 10 dermatologists agree that towels are the leading cause of dry skin.
Posting a v.redd.it link to /r/mildlyinfuriating is the most meta thing you can do
Cartoons produced by the Japanese government are animes of the state.
My Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life.
The number 10210 is too intense.
I had a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t like it.
A couple years ago my therapist told me I had problems letting go of the past.
Some people say "the more things change, the more they stay the same." but I say "the more things change, the more they stay the same."
Moses was the first person to use Control-C as a shortcut.
A journey under a thousand miles begins with a single stop.
Never hit a man with glasses, hit him with a baseball bat.
My girlfriend is like a plunger, always bringing up old shit!
You will spend 1/7th of your life on a Tuesday.
How babies learn to walk is staggering.
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no.
WHYLIVEI’ve discovered I have a logic fetish...I can’t stop coming to conclusions.
1+1=3 if you forget the condom
I love dolphins. They taste like chicken.
Trump should slow down, for over a year he's been rushin'
If a dwarf smokes weed does he get medium?
A genius would have put Kevin Bacon in Grease.
Sometimes I go to Walmart just to feel pretty.
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
When she saw her first strands of gray hair, she thought she'd dye.
You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose, but you cant pick your friends nose
Weight loss pills stolen this morning - police say suspects are still at large.
My fear of planes has taken off.
Why is there a thing called a grapefruit, when there's a fruit called a grape?
I'm in a rush to get home because my wife's lost her voice and I don't want to miss it.
I'm a huge fan of Norse mythology, but don't tell anyone because I like to keep it Loki.
I never befriend assassins, because they're all backstabbers.
I said to my friend, "Let's take turns naming American vice-presidents, Al Gore first."
In my town, the cemetery is the dead center.ATMs are pressed for cash.
The soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
A will is a dead giveaway
I don't know if I just got hit by freezing rain, but it hurt like hail.
I was going to go on a date with a guy in a wheelchair,
I planned to find my watch today, but I didn't have the time.
We will never hear about the truly perfect crime.
War does not determine who is right, only who is left.
Want to hear a word I just made up? Plagiarism.
People who serve weak tea should be given a restraining order.
Beginning quotes and end quotes were made for each other but sadly let words come between them.
The short fortuneteller who escaped from prison: a small medium at large
Orphans have trouble playing baseball because they don't know where home is.
Mars is populated entirely by robots
Eye puns aren't real puns, they're just optical allusions
The only time the word "incorrectly" isn’t spelled incorrectly is when it’s spelled incorrectly.
A calendar's days are numbered
That one word which is always spelled correctly in all the dictionaries in the world
The word "Fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "Eat".
Maybe oxygen is slowly killing you and it just takes 75-100 years to fully work.
A rubber band pistol was confiscated from algebra class because it was a weapon of math disruption
If poison expires, is it more poisonous or is it no longer poisonous?
Dehydration is not something to cry about.
My watchdog is covered in ticks.
I've been exercising using dictionaries, and I'm finally starting to see some definition.If my wife made a dollar for every sexist joke I make, she'd be $0.77 richer right now.
I'm thinking of reasons to move to Switzerland, and the flag is a big plus.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
She was only a whisky maker, but he loved her still.
Turn a regular sofa into a sofa bed by simply forgetting your wife’s birthday.
The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged.
Successful pianists know the key to success.
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door.
If you’re going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
Last night the bedroom was cold, so I laid down next to the wood-stove and slept like a log.
Some pronounce it as gif, others say gif but the correct way is actually gif
No matter how much you push the envelope, it's still going to be stationery.
Vandals destroyed many road signs in my neighborhood - they really pulled out all the stops.
Its quite ironic that 'strap on', backwards, spells 'no parts'.
What did one bitcoin say to the other?
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
My ex used to hit me with stringed instruments -- if only I'd known about her history of violins...I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
My penis was briefly in The Guinness Book of World Records, until I was caught by the librarian.
Work was better today... better than no work.
My relationship with my chauffeur isn't going any where, it just feels like he's always trying to drive me away.
I can't drink responsibly because responsibilities are why I drink.
War isn't about who's right, its about who's left.
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.They should build the wall with Hillary's emails because nobody can get over them.
I used to do drugs; I still do, but I used to also.
The best mathematical equation I have ever seen: 1 cross + 3 nails= 4 given.
Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner.
Trump is actually 3 times divorced. Once from Ivana, once from Marla, and once from Reality.
It is easier to preach ten sermons than it is to live one.
Puns about communism aren't funny unless everyone gets them
If you are cold just stand in the corner, I heard they are usually 90 degrees
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
Stop it with the gay jokes, come on guys!
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
Occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
In the sentence of life, the devil may be a comma - but never let him be the period.
And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars.
I have noticed that everyone who is for abortion, has already been born.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
Is a deaf amputee considered a mute?I'm sponsoring a charity for people who are having trouble reaching an orgasm. If you can't come let me know.
Running in front of a car is tiring, but running behind a car is exhausting.
Don’t sweat the petty things, and don’t pet the sweaty things.
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
A multiple choice statistics test.
Someone just stole my mood ring and I’m not sure how to feel about that.
I love having options to play in Scrabble because it's worth at least 59 points.
Fish
Moses had the first tablet that could connect to the cloud.
I thought I was wrong once, but I was mistaken.
Hey, if you want to get Beauty and the Beast songs stuck in your head, then be my guest
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
Gotta fail big, because if you fail small, you've already failed at failing.
I tried to get down from an elephant, but apparently you can only get it from some birds.
Female pilots have the best cockpits.
White boards are remarkable.
I always use butter, because there is no margarine for error.
If I refuse to nap, is that resisting a rest?
I entered ten puns in a pun competition hoping at least one of them would win, but sadly no pun in ten didSolid, liquid, gas - they all matter.
The inventor of the anagram has died...may he "erect a penis."
Technically, we are all half centaur.
We are neck deep up shit creek with our mouths wide open
A man in underwear lead police on a brief chase.
I'm counting on you fingers!
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
When entering a funeral home, remember to stay alert and always look alive!
Some men view marriage as a matter of wife and debt.
Parking a car doesn't need much space, but parking 200 cars...that needs a lot.
A hipster drowned when he was thrown in the mainstream.
If America changed from pounds to kilograms overnight, would it create mass confusion?
Of quartz I love geology!
I walked into a door today, loved it.
A horse is a very stable animal.
There’s no “I” in denial.
Whoever named the 'missle' was not very optimistic.
To quit smoking, I only smoke after every meal. I am down to 40 meals a day.
Anyone who likes Minecraft must be a blockhead.
I have been reading the thesaurus lately, because the mind is a terrible thing to garbage.The best way to avoid being cornered is to remain only in cyclic rooms
I wish it was possible to edit titties
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
I told my friend to tell me a joke about being virgin. He said "pussy". I don't get it.
Learning homonyms is a reel waist of thyme.
I finally found the courage to tell my little sister that I'm into incest. She took it pretty hard.
Only a fraction of people will understand that there is a fine line between the numerator and denominator.
You can go the rest of your life without breathing
I just burnt my Hawaiian pizza, I guess I should have put it on aloha temperature.
The popularity of glass coffins remains to be seen.
When I was younger I felt like a man trapped inside a woman's body. Then I was born...r/pigifs should technically be pigeon gifs and not pig gifs
Last night I got cold, so I sat in the coroner where it is always 90 degrees.
Broken pencils are pointless.
Boredom is an anagram of bedroom
Why didn’t Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
You have to be odd to be number one.
The difference between a thief and a peeping tom is that a thief snatches watches.
I'll never forget my grandpa's final words, "stop shaking the ladder you cunt."
The only instant messaging I do is with my middle finger.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I used to play the triangle in a reggae band, you know, just stand at the back and ting.
Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me, it means a lot.
My gay midget brother finally came out of the cupboard today
As a mechanic, I understand cars; planes are way over my head.
I saw an ad for burial plots, and thought to myself this is the last thing I need.
A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
I saw a sign that said "watch for children" and thought that sounded like a fair trade.I love whiteboards, they're remarkable!
A doctor tells a woman she can no longer touch anything alcoholic. So she gets a divorce.
Rene Descartes went into a bar and ordered a beer. When he finished the bartender asked "Would you like another?" Descartes replied "I think not." And he disappeared!
Maybe plants are farming us, giving us oxygen until we decompose and they can eat us
I hate it when people get simple sayings wrong. I mean it's not rocket surgery.
Think about it - every single corpse on Mt. Everest was once a highly motivated person. .
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.
I'd be pretty darn cool if I weren't so cocky yet self critical
What's Epistemophobia?
I didn't see you at camo camp last week.
PMS jokes are not funny or appropriate. Period!
My buddy used to date a cross-eyed girl until he found out she was seeing someone on the side.
The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself!
If you got your mouth stuck in a mouse trap, you’d start calling it “mouth trap”.
I've got a friend with one eye bigger than the other; his name's Iain.
I’m thinking about moving to Switzerland, so I made a list of pros and cons. First on my pros list was the flag, cause it’s a big plus.
I won’t be shaving this November, in order to raise awareness for how lazy I am.
Crime in multi-storey car parks. That is wrong on so many different levels.
There is no such thing as a fidget spinner contest because everyone would have to get a trophy.
Having used his webs to stick the criminals feet to the ground, Spider-Man informed the police and left the scene. "Well," said the criminal, "I'm a sitting duck"You know what really grinds my wheels?
My father was a man of few words; he used to say to me, "Son..."
Pick up line: I'm an element and so are you, let's make a compound together.
Did you know August has the highest percentage of births.
I stepped on a grape and it let out a little wine.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
Did you know that Iceland is only one sea away from Ireland?
I hear there was indeed life on Mars, a small cat they say, but Curiosity killed it.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it’s only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy’s truck leaves him too.
‪Damn my strict finger and its rule of thumb. ‬
What's the difference between men and pigs? Pigs don't turn into men when they drink.
My favorite Greek proverb: Αυτή η παροιμία δεν μεταφράζουν καλά στα αγγλικά.
Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect.
I`m so poor, I can`t even pay attention.
I was so cold the other day, I almost got married.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate garlic bread before it was cool.
There are two types of people in this world; those who pee in the shower, and liars.
I never wanted to believe that my Dad was stealing from his job as a road worker; but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I know someone who has a dog that keeps eating garlic. His bark is worse than his bite
I`ve been cutting my carbs lately...with a pizza cutter.
I wonder if German Reddit users call someone's cake day their 'gluten tag'
Did you know, that 100% of smokers die?
You won't drink away the alcoholism.
Did you know 11% of people are left handed
I for one, like Roman numerals.My girlfriend is absolutely beautiful. Body like a Greek statue – completely pale, no arms.
I wanted to be able to see behind my computer, so my friend recommended I install Windows.
For years I thought that Maybelline was a hereditary disease
The best time to go to the dentist is before 2:30.
My anorexic friend was blown away by my windmill.
There are no stupid questions. There are, however, many inquisitive idiots.
I keep a board with 6.626E-34 burned into the side as a constant reminder.
"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for a condom company
I still miss my ex, but my aim is improving
I love my UPS guy because he’s a drug dealer and doesn’t know it.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
Tea is love.
I had some words with my wife, and she had some paragraphs with me.
You know whats really awesome punctuation
Fat Hobbits are low fat.
My cat is recovering from a massive stroke.
Every time I say that I’m ready to order in a restaurant, what I really mean is that I’m not ready but the panic will help me make a decision.
My husband’s penis is like a semi colon. I can’t remember what it’s for and I never use it anyway.
Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
One exotic bird can't populate the rainforest. But toucan.
My doctor kept hitting on me during my colonoscopy
I notice that everyone who is for abortion has already been born.
Shout out to the people wondering what the opposite of in is.
I have the body of a god - Buddah
Do cars in the Cars movie get car isurance, or life insurance?Nostalgia isn't like it used to be.
After escaping the unbelievably hot shower, you could say that I ran out of steam.
I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, “Dude, you have to wait.”
Earthquakes rock my world.
1 best friend who stands with you when you have nothing to give ..when you really need him. is worth having hundred friends who r there with you when you have everything.
I have a black belt and argyle socks.
A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking.
I told my friend I threw a stick 5 miles and my dog retrieved it, but he said it seemed a bit far fetched.
I have a fear of elevators, but I've started taking steps to avoid it.
Maybe fear is God’s way of saying, “Pay attention, this could be fun.”
My cousin took a ruler to bed to see how long he could sleep for.
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it it’s probably shit.
I’ve decided to stop masturbating, since then I’ve not really felt myself.
My married friends keep trying to set me up. I don't know where they find all these bloody gloves.
The quote "be there or be square!" is because you are not a-round..
My ex is so stupid she walked into an antique store and asked, "What's new?"
When I was a child my father attacked me with cameras; I still have flashbacks.
I put root beer in a square glass and all I got was beer.
I used to be addicted to swimming but I’m very proud to say I’ve been dry for six years.
Two musicians are writing a song about depression; one turns to the other and says "Let's end it on the bridge"
I haven’t slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I'm so bald, you can see what's on my mind.I'm not sure about all these Netflix original series, but then again, I've seen stranger things.
I saw a homeless guy shouting a lot of random stuff, so I think it was a vague rant.
If money really did grow on trees, we would all be raking it in.
I tried to date a librarian, but her weekend was always booked.
Hugh Jackman is a huge jacked man
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
This is my stepladder; I never knew my real ladder...
ʎɐqǝ uo pɹɐoqʎǝʞ ɐ ʎnq ı ǝɯıʇ﻿ ʇsɐן ǝɥʇ sı sıɥʇ
I tried to date a baker, but she kneaded to spend time with her family instead.
Well to be Frank.. I'd have to change my name.
I once tried to date a tennis player, but love meant nothing to her.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90% of their body, but I'm so polite, I only look at the covered parts.
My dog used to chase people on a bike, until I took his bike away.
I even tried dating a writer, but she wasn't my type.
Einstein finally developed a theory about space, it was about time too!
Seams right that someone who sews is not called a sewer.
Me and my turkey were both stuffed this Thanksgiving.
At what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?If you ever come across an elephant, apologize and wipe it off.
happy birthday, and don't say thank you.
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. “Yes” is the answer
Did you ever notice that from the time you hang up the phone until the pizza guy shows up, the only conversation you have is “Where’s the guy with our pizza?”
For Christmas last year, I got a sweater, but this year, I'd prefer a moaner or a squirter.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and when I said I wanted a second opinion he said, "You're ugly too."
What do men from New Zealand think about every 10 seconds
What do you call a joke with no punchline?
My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer, but I said, "No, wait! I can change!"
The local pet shop has been robbed and police say they have no leads.
God gave us the brain to work out problems. However, we use it to create more problems.
“Just because you can’t dance doesn’t mean you shouldn’t dance.” -Alcohol
My pet turtle died, but I'm not upset, just shell-shocked.
‪My manager hid her food during the FBI raid so they couldn't Caesar Salad. ‬
I received a gift from my psychiatrist, it was shrink wrapped.
I went to a brothel and the sign read, "Beat it. We're closed."
Gotta hand it to a blind hooker.
When Hillary Clinton was asked if Harvey Weinstein's behavior reminded her of her husband's, she said, "Close, but no cigar."I used to think I had a Japanese friend, but it was just my imagine Asian.
My wife said if I took one more picture of her, she'd leave me...that's when I snapped.
What do kleptomaniacs take when they are sick?
Where does the vampire store his money? The blood bank
A baseball player walks into a bar and the bartender throws him out.
For her birthday, my girlfriend told me that nothing would make her happier than a diamond ring, so I bought her nothing.
I was raised as an only child, which really annoyed my sister
Pedicures are often given by Vietnamese women because they speak a toe-nsil language
I woke up last night convinced there was a monster under my bed, but it was just a can of Red Bull...
I'm looking for a personal trainer. The last one didn't work out.
A march for obesity might be the first march in history to actually cure something.
lennon say....no...
6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
What did Yokono say to John Lennon when they first started dating?
I was very naive sexually. My first boyfriend asked me to do missionary and I buggered off to Africa for six months.
I like buying corn from pirates, they sell it for a buccaneer.
My toilet was stolen and the police have nothing to go on.
No matter how good you are at tennis, you will never be better than a wall.
With my runny nose and high temperature, I made sure to shake everyone's hands in the doctors' waiting room, because, it's how I make friends and influenza people.
vagueI remember when I was a kid my mom would feed us vegetables by telling us :"here comes the train, here comes the train"
I went to a seafood disco the other night...
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff, ba dum tss
I've just seen a very confusing book called, "Ventriloquism for Dummies."
I bought some land where two tectonic plates meet...
My wife just found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline; she hit the roof!
A Canadian psychologist is selling a video that teaches you how to test your dog’s IQ. Here’s how it works: If you spend $12.99 for the video, your dog is smarter than you.
Cemeteries are gated because people are dying to get in.
A man asks a trainer in the gym: “I want 2 impress that beautiful girl, which machine I can use?” Trainer replies: “Use the ATM”
First thing tomorrow I am going to put an end to my procrastination.
When a painter gets cold he puts on another coat.
I had to put my grades up for adoption because I couldn't raise them.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the local zoo.
What if every country had ninjas, but Japan's were the worst?
I usually charge for my chimney jokes but this one's on the house
You’ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace.
A girl phoned me the other day and said, "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over. Nobody was home.
I often say to myself, "I can't believe the cloning machine worked!"
I've never disabled my cookies, but this one time I bit the legs off of a gingerbread man.
Cows have hooves because they lactose.I made love to my wife for an hour and 5 minutes last night... thanks daylight savings time!
You're about as useful as an inflatable dartboard.
Don't worry if plan A fails, there are 25 more letters in the alphabet.
If you're hotter than me, then that means I'm cooler than you.
I never forget my son's first words... "Where the heck have you been for 16 years?"
I know karate and a few other Japanese words.
I got a tattoo of Italy on my chest and now I have really sore Naples
Do you think I'm cool? no, that means I'm hot.
The amount of feet in a yard depends on how many people are standing on it.
She asked if I wanted to hear a joke about sodium. I said "Na.".
Celery is 95% water and 100% not pizza.
He's as useful as Anne Frank's drum kit.
When my butt hurts I always take assprin.
For a taco emergency, call 9-Juan-Juan.
I would lose weight, but I don't like losing.
Dyslexics are teeple poo.
If opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser
When the past comes knocking, don't answer. It has nothing new to tell you.
You remind me of my Lava Lamp; you're not too bright but you're fun to watch.
In the spring, trees are releaved.
You can never hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom because its p is silent.
Phones are getting thinner and smarter. People, not so much.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me, than a frontal lobotomy.
how *do* you pierce brosnan?
Salad is not food, because when I eat salad my dog doesn't pay attention to me.
Why is there an L in NoeL if it's NoeL?
I was addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
I bought a wooden whistle, but it wooden whistle.The only thing flat-earthers fear, is sphere itself.
I drink responsibly by not spilling a drop.
I'm great in bed, I can sleep for days.
If I got a dime for every failed math exam, I’d have $3.55.
Single women can't fart because they don't get an asshole until they're married.
It was not my intention to offend you, that was just a bonus.
My coworker annoys me with bad puns, but toucan play at that game.
Cosmic humor is universally funny
I have many hidden talents, I just can't find them.
I sometimes use long, complicated words that I don't understand to sound more photosynthetic.
My penis was in the Guinness book of world records, but then the librarian told me to take it out.
Did you know 70% of people will believe a statistic you tell them if you put a percentage in it?
Being half deaf it's the worst disability: I just get to say "huh?" when I'm fined for taking a handicapped parking spot.
Subway VS Car???
The most difficult part about going vegan was quitting cold turkey.
My dad sent me to a psychiatrist for wearing his bra again.
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do practice?
A man walks into a bar because he is too busy looking at his phone.
some people don't like my dark humor, but i believe they are resistSome people just have a way with words, and other people … oh … not have way.
Two silk worms competed in a race, but they ended up in a tie.
Everyday is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
I like Jesus but he loves me, so it's awkward.
I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory, all I did was take a day off.
If you're searching for that one person that will change your life, take a look in the mirror.
Man with authority walks into a bar and orders everyone a round!
Most people overgeneralize.
When you stand on the beach, it sounds like you have a shell to your ear...
Did you hear about the two podiatrists that became arch enemies?
In /r/oneliners the quality posters make quality posters.
Maybe if we all emailed the constitution to each other, the NSA will finally read it.
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything."
If I won the award for laziness, I would send somebody to pick it up for me.
I just watched a documentary on how massive ships are held together: it was riveting.
Got approached by a prostitute today who said that she would do anything for $10...guess who just got their car washed?
I make pour decisions.
Do taller people sleep longer in bed?
Inspecting mirrors is a job I could really see myself doing.
I changed my password everywhere to 'incorrect.' That way when I forget it, it always reminds me, 'Your password is incorrect.'Being struck by lightening is a shocking experience.
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
7 10 2017...well that's today, whichever way you look at it.
"I don't give myself enough credit"~ Anonymous
My email password has been hacked again and now I've had to rename the cat three times.
I'm a dentist, so I know the drill.
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
do you ever cheat on your crush (who isn't aware of your existence) by having another crush (who, too, isn't aware of your existence).
eBay is so useless that when I tried to look up lighters, all they had was 13,749 matches.
Some new people grow on you, while others turn out to be crop failures.
Crime in multistorey carparks is wrong on so many levels.
I'm not fat, I'm just easier to see.
Diabetes is a disease where running races would actually cure it.
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance- we'll see about that.
On a scale of North Korea to America, how free are you tonight?
Good judgement comes from experience, while experience comes from bad judgement.
I just ordered 2000 lbs of won ton soup.I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time", so I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
Whoever said technology would replace all paper obviously hasn’t tried wiping their butt with an IPad.
If 4 out of every 5 people suffer from diarrhea, then do some people enjoy it?
When I was younger I felt like a man trapped in a woman's body. Then I was born.
Building tunnels is a boring job.
12/9 people don't understand fractions.
I hate the taste of my semen, and by the sounds of it so do Table 6.
I'm not homophobic, I not afraid of my house
The Stationery Store moved.
If you don’t know what introspection is, you need to take a long, hard look at yourself.
The world is divided into people who think they are right
I still can’t believe Tom Petty shot all those people.
Every meal is a game of Russian roulette if you have a peanut allergy
I suffer from ADHsquirrel!!
I struggle with Kleptomania; when it acts up I take something for it
I once had some eyeglasses. Unfortunately, I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.
Technically, sperm is a bodybuilding supplement.
I saw a bank that said "24 Hour Banking", but I don't have that much time.
Why is it, "A penny for your thoughts," but, "you have to put your two cents in?" Somebody's making a penny.
Bring back tar and feathering so people can say... Dont do the crime if you cant do the slimeUnderwear bandit admits brief crime spree.
You can say what you like about President Trump....
Governments lie, newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
For those who say money can't buy you happiness - You have obviously never paid for a divorce.
An abortion in Czechoslovakia is a cancelled Czech
It goes without saying that, well, you know ...
Ever since 9/11, the firemen have been getting all the pussy...
Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them.
If you're feeling down, perhaps you just need a new pillow!
I was going to tell you a gay joke but fuck it.
This sentence no verb.
I have a chicken proof lawn...it's impeccable.
I like Freudian slips as much as the next gay.
I just made up a new word: plagiarism.
Did the first spider know what he was doing, or was he just pulling it out of his ass?
I like peace gestures but I also think it's important to express peace verbally... ...two
If someone could shed some light why my flashlight app needs updating, that'd be great.If you can't say anything nice, say it on the internet.
Asked my woodworking friend how to build a cabinet without nails, he said "Screw that!"
The word 'red' is found in 'credible'. Red is incredible.
I love the way the earth rotates, it really makes my day.
Just Subscribe this Community to get Unlimited Traffic
Every Scooby-Doo episode would literally be two minutes long if the gang went to the mask store first and asked a few questions.
The only reason you're here is because your grandparents had sex
Homeless are people are the best activists. They're always asking for change!
I know a guy addicted to brake fluid, he says he can stop anytime.
Camping is too in tents for my liking.
The invention of the shovel must have been ground-breaking!
What do you call it when a person gets a boner at a funeral? "Mourning wood"
This girl said she knew me from the vegetarian club, but I've never seen herbivore.The person who invented crotch waxing must've made a Brazilian dollars.
Ravioli Ravioli give me the formuoli
Remains to be seen if glass coffins become popular
I think it’s pretty cool how the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos.
Those who own sunglasses stores are running shady businesses
I was going to make a gay joke, but come on guys.
If you get into the passenger seat of my Miata, it becomes a You &amp; Me-ata.
My vacuum cleaner sucks
I haven't slept for 10 days because that would be too long
If you see my ex at work, please tell me which corner
I overfeed my son. I just want him to be a well rounded individual, like any parent.
Two lesbian bought me Rolex for my birthday, I guess they misunderstood when I said I wanna watch.
I keep being accused of being racist, but racism is a crime
You have to hand it to blind prostitutes.
Masturbation... really comes in handy.
I bought one of those CDs to teach you Spanish in your sleep. During the night, it kept skipping and now I can only stutter in Spanish.
Some people just have a way with words, and other people … oh … not have way.
/r/Oneliners is a Trending Subreddit!
I recently wrote a book about poltergheists, it was flying of the shelves - Jimmy Carr
Told my mom I thought she was a C+ mom and she just said, "Cs got me through college, I'm fine with that."
2 in 1 people have multiple personality disorder.Despite the pans worn out, I won't buy new ones. There are no puns intended.
"The definition of insanity is misquoting Einstein"
My mum told me my spaghetti car would never work, but you should've seen her face when I drove pasta
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
My recliner and I go way back.
I bet you $65466765 you didn't read that number.
Who wants to read my book on desperate marketing techniques?
A male feminist walks into a bar, because it was set so low...
I saw that the ball was coming closer and closer, but then it hit me.
My receding hairline and I go way back
Probably the worst thing you can hear when you’re wearing a bikini is “Good for you!”
I hope no one is allergic to nuts because I like to rest mine on the table.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain
Sharon is Karen
I cried because I had no shoes. Then, I met a man who had no feet. Talk about a day-brightener!
/r/oneliners is a trending subreddit!
It seems like there is a great unmet need for a minute hand store and an hour hand store.
Snakes are just tails with faces.
I can't stand sitting.
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I was going to make a joke about the floor, but then I realized it was beneath me.
I'm opening a pet salon called Doggy Style.
My gf asked me to stop singing Wonderwall. I said maybe
They say you are what you eat, but I don't remember eating a 21 year old manI never make mistakes…I thought I did once; but I was wrong.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
sports
Water makes me wet.
In the desert I didn't see that well, so I died of thirst.
/r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#7, October 2017)
Accordion to a recent survey, replacing words with the names of musical instruments in a sentence, often goes undetected.The mathematician once had constipation, but he used his pencil and worked it out.
Who decided to call it "marijuana possession" and not "joint custody?"
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears it, then my illegal logging business is a success.
I hate being bipolar, it's awsome.
My 62nd birthday was very short. It was only a minute long.
Sometimes I fart so bad I start to worry about my carbon footprint.
I made a pun about wind, but it blows.Sleeping comes so natural to me that I can do it with my eyes closed.
I'm going out with a tall, thin redhead tonight, that I met on Match.com.
My puns are so bad, it's a punishment.
Moses was the first one to download from the cloud to his tablet.Two blondes walk into a bar, the redhead ducks...
Parking a single car doesn’t need much space, but parking 200 cars, now that needs a lot...Pedophiles never win races; they like to come in a little behind.
I tried suing someone for stealing my basketball...but it got thrown out of court.
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
German sausage puns are the wurst.
Time flies like wind, fruit flies like bananaI'm in a pirate themed band, and we can't stop writing hooks
My band's name is 999meg, we can't get a gig.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
Paedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
I married Miss Right, but I didn't know her first name was Always.
Melania Trump probably calls the presidential water bed the Dead Sea.
I may not be the sharpest tool in the shed, but that's only because I work the hardestThe new phallic pen draws criticism.
If you say "gullible" really slowly, it sounds like lemons...
I like how the word 'dog' is a palindrome
Some say a Pirate's favorite letter is "R" but his first love is the "C"
The tattoo artist had designs on her client.
Who is Suicide and why does he keep getting murdered?
If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue...My girlfriend and I often laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner, because it is just collecting dust.
I started a cold air balloon business but I'm having trouble getting it off the ground.
I asked an atheist to tell me his favourite oxymoron; he said: "Good God!"
I took a positive thinking course, I hated it.
I'm into fitness, fit'ness burger in my mouth!
Do pumpkin-spice addicts need pumpkin patches?While at the zoo today, I looked closely at the alpaca lips and I still don't know why everyone is so worried.
I asked what 100 minus 12 was and someone yelled "idiot" at me - how rude!
I believed in cryogenics before it was cool.Though I didn't like it at first, this tumor is really growing on me.
Only 2 kinds of people shop at the dollar store: trashy people and me.
My water inlet is a child and my baby is a water inlet!
I thought I was pretty current when I broke the light speed barrier, but apparently, that's for another time.
Learning how to use a clutch really grinds my gears.
My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.I tried to change my password to beefstew1 but it wasn't stroganoff
I bought a pistol from a T-Rex, I guess you could say he was a small arms dealer
I tried to write a song about tortillas but it came out more of a wrap.Iron Man is technically a FEmale.
When it comes to the limbo, I'm raising the bar.
It's hard to classify a cannibal who only eats vegetables.I hate spelling errors, because you can mess up just two letters, and your whole post is urined.
Don't you just hate rhetorical questions?
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
There are 10 kind of people. Those who know binary, and those who dont
Two Wi-Fi antennas got married last Saturday. The reception was fantastic.
What happens in the paralysis ward...Have you heard of this obscure film covering the human eye called "Glaucoma"?
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be
A small crowd of pretty ugly oxymorons went to a soft rock concert.
I drank coffee before it was cool.
Isn't gallows humour just puppetry?
Einstein’s Law states, “The best way to get the right answer on the Internet is not to ask a question, it’s to post the wrong answer.”I stayed at the Wynn Resorts but ended up losing all my money
I told my wife earlier this morning that she drew her eyebrows too high; she seemed surprised.
Its good to stop using drugs, but you cant stop unless you start, so you should start using drugs.There was a mix of Asian, Black, Hispanic, and Indian guys in the gym showers today. I guess you could call it an ethnic cleansing.
Grindr isn't an app for ordering hot meatball sandwiches, but it did help me find a sub
Fathers are like boomerangs.... I hope
Sometimes, I put my hands on the floor, tuck my head towards my chest and lean forward......that's how I roll.I quit my job at the helium gas factory, I refuse to be spoken to in that tone.
“Hey, if anyone knows how to fix some broken hinges, my door’s always open.”
I'm not like most guys- most guys are Chinese.
Every disco is a silent disco when you're deaf.
I invented tipp-ex....correct me if i'm wrong.
My parents got really angry this year when I gave up God for LentI'm holding a party tonight for people who can't reach orgasm.
2/2/2022 falls on a Wednesday, but it will always be a Two's day to me.
Do dogs in Spain speak cocker-spañol?
Is the Bible made up of two monobles?
There is a new wrestling series for those with Bipolar Disorder: Wrestlemania and Depression.
I used to be a member of the secret cooking society but they kicked me out for spilling the beans.Why do they call guns arms and arms guns?
This girl at the gym said she wanted to see me tense, so I shut my eyes and imagined something scary, but when I opened them she was gone.
Here's A Great Pick Up Line
I have a fear of speed bumps, but I’m slowly getting over it.
"Knowledge is power" - Unknown
The past, the present and the future all walk into a bar. It was tense.
There are four vowels and four consonants in "equality".
Err, doctor - this stethoscope isn't working.
Child porn is for disrespectful wankers.
My girlfriend thinks I am incapable of being faithful but my wife never mentions it.Auctioneers are forbidden.
I've had amnesia for as long as I can't remember
Verbs are always intense.
Nipple, that's the point.
I usually meet my girlfriend at 12:59 because I like that one-to-one time.In the beginning, there was nothing. Then the God says "let there be light". There was still nothing, but now you can see it.
I'd like to change my last name to "Understood" and then have a daughter just so she can be "Miss Understood".
My wife told me that "Sex is better on holiday". It wasn't a very nice thing to read on the postcard
I'm better than all of you at modesty.
Is writing 3 sentences in oneline considered as Oneliners?!
This whole time everyone thought Ted Cruz was the Zodiac Killer, but it turns out the only thing he was choking was his chicken
Lord said unto John: Come forth, and I will give you eternal life. But John came fifth, so he won a microwave.
There's a fine line between hyphenated wordsIs it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
So the other day, my friend said "What rhymes with orange". I thought for a minute before replying "No it doesn't"
People who buy stock photos are photoshopping.
Two clowns are eating a cannibal, when one turns to the other and says, "I think we're doing this joke wrong"
As a scarecrow, you probably wouldn't do so well in someone else's field.
I once had a mink... but somebody stole it.I’m writing a book. I’ve got the page numbers done.
Seems like all these people leaving negative Amazon reviews of this laxative might be full of shit.
I don't know exactly what would happen to humanity if gravity suddenly stopped, but I believe we'd rise to the occasion.
You hear the one about the baker who worked all the time because he kneaded the dough?My teacher said me had bad grammar
If you buy a SmartWater for 4$...it's not working.
Where do the homeless have 90% of their accidents?
As a Scarecrow, people say I'm outstanding in my field.today my cat got ahold of my cell phone and asked "can you hear meow?"
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears, my illegal logging business is a success.
Whoever named them 'missiles' wasn't being very optimistic.When I met an estate agent who didn’t know the abbreviation for apartment I thought, that’s aptI was going to tell you a joke about subtraction but I didn't want you to think less of me.
I met an estate agent who didn’t know the abbreviation for ‘apartment’. I thought, “that’s apt”
The universe is pretty cruel, because it makes light of what doesn't matter
If I were on death-row, I think, for my last meal, I'd select braised heart, the executioner's heart.
A baby seal walks into an eskimo club
I just finished writing my first play, a comedy about a steak becoming hamburger. It turned into a bit of a farce.
I had a ploughman's lunch today he was really pissed off.
What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, and never has 5 letters. It is not really question to me.
I don't know where I would be today if it wasn't for gravity.Time flies like an arrow and fruit flies like a banana
I don't know where I would be without my compass.
Answer phone message "....If you want to buy marijuana, press the hash key...."
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
What did the dad say to his son before he got in the car? 'Son. Get in the car?'
No matter how kind you are, German children are definitely kinder.Like every social vegan, I avoid meet
Nothing says value like a Where's Wally book with no Wally in it.
In my town the shop that sells mirrors is closing down, which is a shock because every time I've been in there it's been really busy.
Democracy is suicidal in how people can vote to give up their rights and make future voting ineffective
I tried making a sculpture but it was a bust.
I went to a conference on infidelity and it was wife-changing.My girlfriend paints her nails regularly in just one of the many rust prevention strategies she employs.
My doctor told me to drink two glasses of red wine after a hot bath but I can't even finish drinking the hot bath.
I wonder if it's rude for a deaf person to talk with food in their hands.
When I spend time with erotic literature, I only use my left eye so that it feels like someone else is reading it.
I'm selling all my fishing equipment but I can't figure out what is the net worth.
More than zero, but less than two, of those plastic bags that people often put in a trash canA no bell prize is not a ringing endorsement.
I saw a double-entendre contest, so I entered my friend.
Been reading up on the Thesaurus lately because a mind is a terrible thing to garbage.
I found out about the overfishing of oysters and muscles. How shellfish./r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#6, September 2017)
Theres many bathroom scenes in Star Trek but they look like any other scene cuz its done by transporter while they work
Cleavage is like the sun. You can look, but don’t stare.. Unless you’re wearing sunglasses.
I can never finish a joke with my boxer friend, he always beats me to the punch line.Peter Pan jokes never get old.
Braille is not that hard to learn, you just got to have a feel for it.
My girlfriend said I am not funny.She said do something unexpected. So I slapped her. It was so funny she started crying.
I tried riding a wave, but my friend told me to get off his hand.
Do gay Nazis like Hungarians?My biggest fear is getting into a confrontation with a gang of cross-eyed persons when they back me into a corner... But nobody is looking at me.
If Taylor swift married Taylor Lautner, would they both be Taylor Lautner?
I'm addicted to travel but I'm on the road to recovery.
Two men walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
Hotel policy says when renting a restroom to rest in a bed, please do not use the restroom for the other thing.
If you are singing that you ‘get money for nothing’ then you are in Dire Straits
Taylor Swift's new music video isn't generic at all. It's completely Taylor-made.
Queefing is just like the vagina doing beatboxing..
I haven't seen so much water covering Houston since Whitney.A halfling philosopher: Ma'hobbit Ghandi
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
You can't plant flowers if you haven't botany
I asked the judge to shorten my sentence and he interrupted me.I was going to bring you a joke anyone can understand, but I couldn't get it
I once had a business selling origami art – it folded.
I used to be fat all over but it's all behind me now.
Going to a Foot Locker at the mall isn't as scary as going to one in a morgue.
Technically, the condition of any mirror you buy is "used".I heard a joke about paper, but it was tearable.
I keep a potato masher in the drawer because sometimes it is fun not to be able to open that drawer.
Alright, I won't make anymore sexual allusions, but it's hard ... very hard.Does every millennial get a trophy wife?
I would be willing to have almost any super power, but I can't see myself being invisible.
Whenever I see a woman driving a big truck I think "damn...she must have a tiny clitoris".
An Insane Asylum is also a Postal Address.
I need an insensitive joke to tell my deaf friend. Preferably one he's never heard.
Delleps is spelled backwardsI was gonna tell a time travelling joke but you guys didn't like it
gghhh
I would tell you a joke about UDP but you might not get it.
You need a massive thing between your legs to be a pole vaulter.
Memories of you make me look forward to Alzheimers.
Don't touch! - Scariest thing to read in Braille. (from /r/showerthoughts)My favourite thing is change, and it was my favourite thing last year too.
I don't mean to brag but a lot of people tell me I have a face for radio.
My high school crush phoned me the other day and said "Come on over, there's nobody home." I went over and true enough nobody was home.I think it's cool how shoes grow on power lines in poor neighborhoods
WHY DUN CALL BUM AN "ASS"!?
That Mexican train murderer had some loco motives.
All mushrooms are edible, but some can only be eaten once.
I'm a little short on breath, because it has been a long day and I've been breathing all the time.I’m not a fan of the new pound coin, but then again, I hate all change.
Vegans think people that sell meat are disgusting, but people that sell fruit and veg are grocer.
You cannot run in the campsite, you can only ran! because its past tents.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Lesbians love to eat-out.You can get your asshole bleached and just tell people you changed your ringtone.
Nomatter how strong your faith, the light of god still causes cancer like any other radiation
Anyone wanna be my blind date for the eclipse tomorrow?
I've been learning to guess the weight of dogs and managed to pick up a couple of pointers yesterday.I knew how to relieve my itchiness from scratch.
I told my wife I'd stop cheating, so I no longer use the carpool lane to get to the brothel after work
Two sausages in a frying pan; one says, "Blimey, it's hot in here," and the other replies, "ARGH! A TALKING SAUSAGE!!"
One cannibal says to the other " Damn ,this clown sure taste funny . "
I am 6 feet and 10 inches. Those are two different measurements BTWI jerk off the same way shampoo nourishes my hair, root to tip.
The idea of unsalted almonds is just plain nuts
The future, the present and the past walked into a bar. Things got a little tense.
My goldfish died and I only got to take him on one walk.I know I'm a shitty gynecologist, but you don't have to rub it in my face.
When the thief stole a calendar, he got 12 months.I wanted to set up a medical marijuana company by myself, but quickly realized that it would have to be a joint venture.
It takes time for a clock to work properly.
It takes budding entrepreneurs to start a marijuana company
Our band once had a Hungarian sound guy, and we had a Czech one too.A Freudian slip is when you say one thing, but mean your mother.
I advise you to ignore unsolicited guidance.
Phlebotomists that can't balance their budget are deep in the red.I was told an apple a day keeps the doctor away, but he keeps coming back no matter how many iPads I give him.
Not many people know this about me, but I didn't always want to work in the arts or sciences. I initially studied to be a banker, but then I lost interest.
Why did the mexican kill his wife? ... Tequila!
A morning kiss makes my whole day and anal makes my hole weak../r/Oneliners Monthly Contest! (#5, August 2017)
I would shave off my moustache but it's really growing on me
Welcome to /r/Oneliners!
I ordered a book called "How To Deal With Impatience", but it STILL hasn't fucking arrived.
I used to have a problem with grammatical tenses -- but not yet.
I got 66 problems and dyslexia may be one of themI trust government to tax fairly like I trust any other monopoly's prices to be fairBeware of pointless warnings.
100% of all divorces start with marriage.
What Has 4 Letters
I accidentally sent a dick pic to everyone in my address book; not only was it highly embarrassing, but it cost me a fortune in stamps.Well if you don't think I'm a nosy bastard why did you write it in your diary?
I'm gonna create a database at work, name it the Multi-Year Analysis of Statewide Statistics, and just wait for people to ask me where I got my numbers.
The Polish Space Program has announced that their trip to the sun will be at night to avoid the heat.
"fire and fury like the world has never seen" reminds me of my last bowel movement.I bought a bad thesaurus at a yard sale and it was bad, bad, and bad.
People said I was a sicko because I wore my wife's stockings..... On my head... In the bank!
I was thinking the world would be better off without idiots. But then I realized my food is really stupid. Thats why its my food. I'd have nothing to eat.Nerves of steel, heart of gold, knob of butter
"Anal?" is such an open ended question.Why oh why oh why oh why do I have such trouble spelling "yo-yo"?
I was going to make a belt out of old watches, but I thought, nah, that's a waist of time.
Is there an idiot's guide to low self esteem?
Where would we be without gravity?
I was going to procrastinate today but I thought "nah, I'll do it tomorrow"Trump: "Presidency is like golfing, ..."
The taste of Soylent Green varies from person to person
I missed the seminar on premature ejaculation - it finished early.This week's meeting of The Clairvoyants Society has been canceled due to unforeseen circumstances.
Liposuction can take a lot out of you.When I heard you could donate your sperm by post I came in a jiffy!
"Indecisive" is my favourite word, actually no it isn't.
I hate rule breakers. Don't you?
I used to 'Beat girls off with a stick' now I just 'beat my stick off to girlsDid you hear about the guy that stuck a bunch of grapes up his bum?
I aim to please. Unless I'm on sniper duty.
All those with telekinetic powers raise my hand
A friend told me he had telekinetic powers, but I think he's pulling my leg
Many dumb blondes are actually brunettes in disguise.
Sorry I can't pay rent this month because I bought 3 avocados from Whole Foods.
Historic research has found evidence that Don Quichote was in cahoots with big oil and the coal industry.My girlfriend can't fight, but you should see her box.
I had a hand in the invention of gloves.
Pizza makes the world go round.
Someone stole my toilet and the police have nothing to go on.
The difference between beer nuts and deer nuts is beer nuts are $1.99, deer nuts are just under a buck.
No parent should ever have to bury their child. That's what you pay gravediggers for.
Elevator jokes work on so many levels
I hate peer pressure and you should tooI was at an ATM and this old lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.
There is a TV on eBay for $10.00, the volume slider is broke, but for that price I can't turn it down.
Words cannot express...
I've spent the past four years looking for my ex-girlfriend's killer, but no one will do it.Spoiler alert! The milk has been in the fridge for three weeks.
Working as a plumber must be draining.My pal froze him self below 0°, he turned out to be 0°K
Is the chemical symbol for holy water H2Omg?
Between me and you there's lots of words in the dictionary.
The nails wouldn't hold the boards in place, so I said, "screw it".
"Don't knock it until you've tried it," said the door salesman.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.I don't do clichés. They're two a penny.
I'm a little short on midget jokesI just quit my job at the helium bottling plant and I refuse to be spoken to in that tone!
Prince Charles is an eerie guy.
Patrick should be the star of SpongeBob Squarepants.
Acronyms have no use IMHO.
I wonder how things worked out for that guy who grabbed the bull by the horns.
It's rare to hear a well done steak joke these days
A glory hole was found a nudist camp, but the police have already started looking into it.Why is it only ever skeletons that go to get their X-rays done?
I was addicted to soap. I'm clean now.
I never finish what I star
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Life is too short to read an entire-
I've got a bad habit of revealing my flaws to strangers.
A jump cable walks into a bar, the bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."I'm from a small town so I used to be white trash but now I live in the city and consider myself to be very recyclable.
Möbius strips are endless fun.
Ferris wheels are revolutionary.Sometimes I use big words that I don't understand so that I can sound more photosynthesis
I don't understand speech bubbles, they go right over my head.
Life is like a box of chocolates: short-lived if you're morbidly obese.I'm writing a self-help book but I need someone to market it for me.
My father threw me in the pool to teach me to swim, once I got the chains off the swimming was easy.
When Trump lost his Viagra, he claimed the erection was rigged.
Hockey players shower after three periods, unlike your mother.
I tried eating a clock the other day. It's really time consuming.
My favorite soccer team is Fly Emirates.
Despite the flat geography of The Netherlands, Amsterdam is the highest capital city in Europe.The use of semiphore is flagging.
How do you spot a blind man at a nude beach? It's not hard.If life gives you melons, you're dyslexic.
My friend has a trophy wife but I don't think it was first place.I finally found my girlfriend's g-spot. It's been in her sister all this time.Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
Being lead singer of Van Halen means there's a 50% chance you're Sammy Hagar.
I just got fired from my job at the bakery, which is upsetting cause I really kneaded the dough.
Rumour has it I'm a gossip.I heard burning a single drop of lavender oil in the palm of your hand wards off superstition.
I'm going ... to Bangkok ... to Bangkok.
I recently discovered how much sodium is in spinach. It's ironic that it was his diet and not the sea air that made Popeye such a salty bastard.
Installing car mufflers is an exhausting job.
Can a dyslexic wizard still spell?
Having Barack Obama's initials must stink.I am rarely more focussed on time than in the five seconds I am waiting to skip an ad on YouTube.
I'm not a good cook. The last time I made hot dogs, everyone said they were the wurst.
I can't stand using the stairs as a wheelchair user
Does Peter Pan peanut butter ever get old?
Politicians are like diapers. They should be changed frequently and for the same reason.I'd kill to live by a quarry, but I don't want to take a life for granite.
You can't spell advertisements without semen between the tits.
I beat my wife up this morning, she got up at seven and I got up at sixA dyslexic man walked into a bra.
الشركة الاماراتية لنق العفش والاثاث http://uae-move.blogspot.com.eg/
I thought I had road rage but it turns out I'm just an angry drunk.
I thought I didn't need a chiropractor but now I stand corrected.A buttload of toilet paper is just the right amount
Almond fetishists are fucking nuts.
If I could make a living watching porn, I'd be making money hand over fist.
What's the deal with observational humor?You can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
Don't sweat the petty things. Pet the sweaty things.
I took a pen from the bank, it was off the chain.
Behind every successful pornstar there is a man.I hate when a couple argues in public but I missed the start and don't know whose side I'm on.
For Sale: one parachute, never opened, small stain
Eyeglasses are spectacular for the spectator of a spectacle.
That app Faceswap made me realize that my face doesn't look good on other people either.
I have some serious self-esteem issues. The last time I posted a selfie I first cropped myself out of it.Today a man knocked on my door asking for a donation for the local swimming pool, I gave him a glass of water.
Two guys walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
I was a Bronco's fan before Payton Manning, Tim Tebow, and John Elway....
I hate two types of people: people who swear, and fucking hypocrites.The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait
Notorious for stealing office supplies, my co-worker has been dubbed the Rubber Bandit.
My dad died when we couldn't remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to "be positive," but it's hard without him.I think one of my dads might be gay.
I've come up with a new fusion recipe of Vietnamese soup with smoked pulled pork called Pho Que.
Remember nostalgia?
My father and his twin were one of a kind men.
**pun thread** subject - rocks, which no one should take for graniteWhy the doctor? An apple a day keeps everyone away, if you throw it hard enough…
Five out of every three people have trouble understanding fractions.It's been so long since the last time I cut my hair.I was embarrassed that my mum got me a castle shaped calculator, but it's the fort that counts
The lettuce was ahead and the tomato was trying to ketchup
If you show me your boob I'll show you my tattoo, tit for tat.The phony thing that people say often is " hello "
I had a nightmare about getting scalped, hopefully it's not something to loose my hair about
I was gonna join the debate team, but somebody talked me out of it.Impotence jokes are all about missed erections.
Cannibal goes on celebrity diet./r/Oneliners Contest Winner! (#4, June 2017)
Coins are made of metal, because change is hard.
Once you've seen one shopping center, you've seen a mallIf I had a dollar for every time my professor gave a boring lecture in class...I'd actually go.
I want a woman who is willing to do unusual sex acts, like having sex with me.
I started a new job as a tarot reader, now I'm making a fortuneI saw an Amish billboard that said, “don't drink or drive.”
My wife gets annoyed if I mess with her red wine, so I've added fruit and lemonade to it and now she sangria than ever.
I bought Procrastination for Dummies in 2007 and just read the first chapter I'll finish the next one tomorrowMy couch gets more ass than me.
Any bug can hit the windshield, but it takes guts to stick.possessio is nine tenths of the word.
I forgot what you call the moisture on weeds in the morning, so I suppose thistle dew for now.
Shout out to all the people who don't know the opposite of in
If I had patience, I'd be a doctor.
I like bananas because they have appeal.
It's okay to make a rounding error twice in a while.
A priest is similar to a Christmas tree in that their balls are just for decoration.
The cops took all of my money, all of my inventory, and all of my business. Today was a complete bust.
As my mother always said, "If the pony starts cryin', get the gun."It just donged on me that I sometimes use the wrong word.
I accidentally started a fire in a crowded theatre. Unfortunately, I couldn't tell anyone.
Life and Limbo start with the same letters.Personally I think burger jokes are rare, but I'd like to consider mine well done.
Whenever I push a door clearly labeled "Pull", I feel like a doork.You can't watch a Kevin Bacon movie in a Muslim country.
I'm bet environmentally conscious when it comes to women
People who think I’m not a religious person should see me when I plug the toilet in someone else's house.
My girlfriend would be so mad if she found out that I'm telling people she's my girlfriend.
At home, they treat me like God. I'm generally Ignored until someone wants something.I bought some shoes from a drug dealer and he laced them now I'm tripping.
I need to come up with some good monastery puns because I got nun.
I started a yacht making business in my attic; sails are going through the roof.
/r/Oneliners Bi-Weekly Contest! (#4, June 2017)
I got a degree in Reverse Psychology because my parents said I wasn't smart enough to go to college.I dropped my watch in the toilet so I am having a shitty time.There are more important things than money, but they won’t date you if you don’t have anyWhen writing a story about losing your virginity, its important to always put it in the first person
One good thing about a dead hooker is that the second hour is free!
Can you name a philosopher? I. KantI tried to have a threesome once, but the other two never came.
When it comes to illegal drug use, cocaine is where I draw the line.
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.9/11 jokes are just plane wrongYou are only stuck with your debt if you can't budge it.
Movies, Liquor, Medication?
Heaen is missing an angle.
A lady goes a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre, he gives her one.
An a walks into a brYou can say whatever you want about deaf people
/r/Oneliners Contest Winner! (#3, June 2017)
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… that means someone's enjoying it.
Sex is like golf, you don't have to be good at it to have a good time.I got kicked out of Forever 21 for looking for the fountain of youthWhat did the janitor say when he came out of the closet? “Supplies!”
You can't tell jokes to kleptomaniacs because they take things literally.
If gays "bat for the other team," do pedophiles play in the minor league?
Americans have different ways of saying things. They say 'elevator', we say 'lift'... they say 'President', we say 'stupid psychopathic git.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.A day without sunshine is like, night.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
I wouldn't say that my life is spiralling wildly out of control - "spiralling" implies a level of direction and order.
My grandma always tells me I'm her "handsome man" and I have to keep reminding her that I'm not her dead husband
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!Blunt pencils are pointless.
Someone has been erasing my memory and leaving empties all over my apartment.
The frustrated cannibal threw up his arms
I think Oedipus Rex was a real Mother FuckerI have a pet sloth named gluttony
I'm looking at my ceiling - not saying it's the greatest ceiling in the world... but it's up there
I thought it was hot when my wife said she was going to go commando, until she started chasing me with a bayonet.
Anything can be a balanced meal if it's the right distance from the fulcrum.Three guys named Victor wrote all of written history.
I lost all my weed in a series of small fires.
It's been seven hours and fifteen days since all my friends deserted me for my Sinead O'Connor obsession
A hire car just ran over my foot, fucking hertz
I had Five Guys at dinner the other night, and boy does my ass hurt
This is a taco-burrito conversation: Nachos.Money talks and the flash got bullshit on his sneakers
You can lead horse to water but a pencil must be lead.
Bananas are appealing
My buddy and I devised a plan to break into a vending machine. He was my Cokeconspirator.Can anyone think of a good acronym for the newly formed Conservative and Unionist Negotiation Team to go to brussels?
I've got my own private jet right here in the jacuzzi.
Tapas is Spanish for "not enough food."A recent survey showed that 6 out of 7 dwarfs are not happy.
/r/Oneliners' Community Contest! (#3, June 2017)
14k!
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer.I reached Nirvana the other day while browsing through the record shop's alphabetized vinyls.
just dropped my phone into some mayonnaise, fucking hellman
Breast reduction surgery has flattering effects.
I like my coffee like I like my women, big cups.
I hae typos.fidget spinner is more like idget spinner
If I had a nickel for every communist friend I know, I would probably has to distribute the nickels amongst them evenly.
Fight club is the elephant in the room.I want to get a sex change, to be frank.
I saw on the news that a guy got 8 horses stuck up his butt. Doctors say he's in stable condition.
Napping is one of those things that is so easy, you can do it with your eyes closed.
Why should we appreciate gays
Does the name 'Quasimodo' ring a bell?
I like my men like I like my coffee...ground up and in the freezerI have audience fright.If pigs could fly, there would be a big market for shit helmets
Spiderman was kind of the original "Web Comic"
If your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it.An impotent iguana suffers from a reptile dysfunction.
The guy who was cut off at the ankles felt pretty defeeted.
I can't count how many times i failed math.What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, but never has 5 letters
I didn't want to put the apostrophe between n and t but i was contractionally obligated.
as my mother always saidCowboys on elevated horses are always so smug
On the other hand, you got five fingers.On a scale of Kushner to Fogel, how bad of a Jared are you?
No matter how many times other people disappoint you, you can always count on your fingers.So today I was reading about pig anatomy; it was pretty standard, but when I got to the end, I discovered there was a twist in the tale.
I'm afraid that one day when I meet God, he'll sneeze and I won't know what to say.I can always tell when they use fake dinosaurs in movies.We call kids innocent because calling them dumb would be rude.Trump's hair is making a combback.
When the Mormon was asked in court if he had forced an underage child into marriage, he stated, "I plead the first".My cat smells like Chinese food.
Life cannot be better than your mindset.I'm no pituitary gland, but I can make a hormone.I want my tombstone to read: "Told one too many puns, it was a grave mistake."A woman who is good at fidget spinners probably doesn't need a man to satisfy her.
Clones are people two
Face is a four letter word, but preface is a foreword letter.
The shoemaker cobbled together a pretty good livelihood.What do you say when she asks to go back to your place?
I herd the Ariana Grande concert went out with a bang.This coffee isn't my cup of tea.
That new song about fishing sure has a catchy hook.
Freudian slips happen to the breast of us.
The only lit thing about birthday parties are the candles on the cake.Colostomy really isn't my bagLast night they held a seminar on how to withhold orgasms; nobody came.
Your last words.Webster’s dictionary defines a cliche as this.
My grandma's looking for something creative to do with her body after she dies, and I keep having to explain to her that the Internet isn't really about that.
I've always felt I was in my prime in grade 11.Vote up if you like violating the intergalactic law
Procrastination is a dish best served eventually.
The oddest years of my high school career were 9th and 11th.What happens when a couple continuously fails at getting pregnant?...
I have a dog with no legs, I called him Benson & Hedges, so I can take him for a drag around the park
As I get older I'm just thankful that wrinkles don't hurt.The shovel was a groundbreaking invention.
I'd be ducked without autocorrect.Irony is not funny.
I always pay attention to detial.
A dumb gold digger marries a guy named Rich.
Placebo is a helluva drug!I can't get to the bottom of why my wife does not like anal sex.9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
I lost my watch and need to buy a new one but I just don't have the time for it.
Conozco español.
I didn't vaccinate my kids, and the one that survived is doing great!
Six out of seven dwarves are not Happy.
The anestesiologist quit because he was being treated like a number.I believe I'm immortal, and I'll continue until I'm proven otherwise.
The primary purpose of your pinky toe is to periodically check if your furniture is still hard.
My friend offered to buy me a coffin, but I told him that's the last thing I'll need
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… does that mean that one enjoys it?
My African American roommate wanted me to pick up some Ask deodorant for him at the store but I couldn’t find it anywhere.
Somebody asked me if I smoke after sex but I could only say I never checked.
Do you know why sumo wrestlers shave their legs?I
My fucking goddamn parrot has fucking Tourette's.If pronouncing my Ts as Vs makes me sound Russian then so Ve it
13k!
Mercedes is the Cadillac of cars.
If you must accuse me of sounding like a spin doctor, just go ahead now.
My friend was late to our cannibal dinner party, so I gave him the cold shoulderHave you ever walked in on your roommate while you were masturbating?
I'd just like to remind everyone that International Procrastination Day was last week.When deaf people fight, they let their fists do the talking
You can find out how heavy your chilli pepper is if you give it a weigh, give it a weigh, give it a weigh now."Well, if it isn't General Concern and his hand-picked Worriers..."
I like to do one liners cause an 8 ball is to much cocain
I love adult coloring books cause I can color nipples purple
If you think about it everyone in life gets at least one participation trophy...its called a tombstone
Did you see that new violin toy for german kids, a doll fiddler?I cannot fathom how deep the ocean is.
An alcoholic and a peripatetic walk into a bar
How many Freudian slips does it take to change a penis?If it is what it is, then what is what?
Whenever it doesn't rain enough, the earth just has to make dew.
Shout out to the guy who just missed three good pitches in baseball....My wife's vagina ....
I'm gonna start a programmers band called "Panic! at the Kernel"
My girlfriend bakes a mean homemade pretzel, but with a twist.
Does anyone know if the Arachnophobia help line has a web site?
I've tried every way possible to write the perfect joke about confirmation bias
You know what I hate about people leaving jokes unfinished?
Me."All track and field throwing events are boring" Discus....
Two Wrongs Don't Make A Right But Three Rights Make A Left.Seems like the Fyre Festival was...
After pounding and pounding he finally came inside, then apologized and left because he had the wrong address
When I beat cancer, I got banned from the oncology ward.
This one rhetorical question's got me stumped...r/Oneliners Bi-Weekly Contest! (#2, May 2017)My plan to have an incomplete Will Smith movie collection is coming together without a Hitch.
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
Ireland is a rich country because its capital is always Dublin.Reddit wants to deprecate CSS functionality, which the entire site is dependent on for subreddit themes and customisation. Oneliners is /r/ProCSS!I have loads of fun doing laundry.Enemas suck ass.
Vacuuming really sucksEvery 60 seconds in Africa one minute passes
Those brother/sister pornos are fucking weird, never once have I called my siblings 'bro' or 'sis' while we're having sexDid you hear about the cannibal that passed his brother in the jungle?
I'm a perfectionis
Ice cream in pain when brain-freeze occursHow to make applesauce: start making apple juice then stop.
The Blood of Christ is the best wine because it's aged for 2017 years./r/Oneliners’ Bi-Weekly Tournament! (#1, May 2017)
I've got a strong hunch something is wrong with my spine.
Say what you want about Amy Schumer, she can take a joke.
I was once addicted to line dancing so bad, I had to enter a two step program.
I tried to get the fish in my Japanese fish pond to have an honest conversation with me, but he was being a little koi.Smoking is such a drag.
Tonight's Procrastinators Anonymous meeting has been postponed to tomorrowAaron Hernandez died doing what he loved: Killing someoneDid you hear about the guy whose left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Mermaids suck.
Well, I'd dare say the race card has now been officially Trumped
I've had it up to here with midgets.
I see said the blind man.
Really? Not one of you got it? One more time: Mermaids suck.
What does Stevie Wonder?Shout out to the hard of hearing
T-rex's are extraordinary as they usually drink coffee
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked, or homeless?
I saw a sign that said lost $100 bill, the reward was a puppy.
It's funny how two simple words like, "I promise" could temporarily stall people.
The trouble with jogging is, that by the time you realize you're not in shape, it's too far to walk backHave you heard about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac? He laid awake all night wondering if there really is a dog!all of these jokes are too smart for meLegume makes a leg out of you and me.My girlfriend confessed she has been seeing someone else at night, but I don't believe in ghosts.
I've told you all a million times not to exaggerate!
For taco emergencies call nine Juan Juan.
Well, it's a deep subject isn't it?For some reason, the name "Pavlov" rings a bell.
Jokes about sugar are common but jokes about brown sugar, demerara.
Stairs can't be trusted, they're always getting up to somethingMy computer beat me at chess today, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
Never trust someone with Parkinson's to steal tambourines for you
No one has ever seen one of Michael J. Fox's etch-a-sketch drawings.There's no "I" in misinformation.
This just in- United just announced it's switching from Coca cola products to Pepsi as a precaution for possible protests.I spilled spot remover on my dog, now he's gone
A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and thinks,"some asshole has my pen"Petting zoos are a great place to pick up chicks.I was addicted to hopscotch, so I joined a ten step program.
Its hard being fat AND anorexicI barely read the first page of "Decluttering For Dummies" before I gave it away.
Goddamn blasphemy!
I named my dog Syndrome, so that when he jumps on people, I can say "Down, Syndrome!"Clandestine electronic eavesdropping really bugs me.
Do dolphins ever get tattoos of 19 year old community college girls?
Welcome to r/OneLiners!
I dropped a sushi in my miso soup. Never thought I'd drown a fish.
Pavlov's dog drooled as he was tolled.Political quotes on politicians
I know a lot of people who like to eat butthole, which is disgusting, because the recommended serving size is just a butt half.
Today I learned "Wet Floor" signs are not a requestI think the first werewolf just wanted an excuse to leave the house once a month.
Being a lesbian vegetarian, people are always calling me a hummusexualJoke's on her, my fetish is fake orgasms.I made a vaccine for autism, but unfortunately a side effect is that it gives you the flu.
If you want to read an autobiography quicker, just read the about the author.I started a band with 3 of my ethnic friends - we call ourselves Four Skin Colors.
Rehab is for quitters.I have a sexy proposition for you: inasmuch as I can, insofar as you'll let me.
One man's raison d'etre is another man's Plan Be.If Howard Stern was ever murdered, my prime suspect would be video.If you're trying to blow my mind, please make sure to cup the chin.My friends and I experimented sexually in high school, I was the control group.Speaking of clean jokes, my son just got out of rehab.The difference between good and bad manager is like the difference between a flush and pigeon, one cleans your shit and the other shits on you
people with bimbo fetishes are fucking idiots
It's called the wall street because once your scale the wall and throw in the money at street, money just stays there like its a wall of no return. A more apt name would have been hell street68 is a preposition.
henry winkler got arrested for running a fonzi scheme.Laptops being banned in cabins is a no-brainer; Samsung has just released notebook 7 laptops
I tried to learn how to make yogurt, but it's all Greek to me.Einstein said everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler but only few can understand Einsteins theories
If I had a dollar for every witty line I wrote, I would have India's numerical invention
Mindfulness is filing your mind from excessive fullness
I hate it when she is wrong, because she ends up being right even when I know she is wrongMy type of girl, is AB.
An opinion without 3.14 is just an onion
Everyone is different, except me"mLaughing with the lizards, crawling with the snakes.
how long is a Chinese nameThere are many good fabrics, but denim is the best overall
If you rape someone properly, you don't have to kill them afterwards. They do it themselves.
I was worried about my speeding ticket, but I now know it's all fine.A butt pirate's favorite treasure is booty.
I did Anna backwards: Anna did I?
I don't mean to sound controversial, but I'm actually pro-oxidants.Never put off till tomorrow, what you can do the day after
My brother killed himself in the same way as Hitler, he moved to Argentina.
To an adolescent, there is nothing in the world more embarrassing than a parent
All the swimming pools on The Titanic...
As the smartest of the triplets, I called myself the smartest man in the womb.Why do Army Drill Sergeants demand so much attention?
Why don't kleptomaniacs understand sarcasm? They always take things literally.Whoever came up with airplanes is all Wright by my book
It's only just dawned on me that no one says dusk anymore.
If two wrongs could make a right then four wrongs could make a planeI get it why muslims force their women to wear shit on their heads - afterwards, it's very convenient to turn that thing into a bag to carry her severed head
Masturbation comes in handy.Emotional geologists get pretty sedimental in conversation.
The word 'cliche' is so trite.my last words?What do you call 100 lawyers chained together at the bottom of the ocean?
In 5 Years I see myself in a mirrorI met an elderly man from Jupiter, he told me he was 7 years old.
I've read an article about how porn damages your brain and did not understand a thingI wonder if the Wright brothers knew how much their invention would take off.in 2016 i did a lot of sh*t, but the worst thing I've done was your mom
- are u single? - nah, bipolarThere's a spot somewhere on my back that itches, but I can't quite put my finger on it.One line flows? I've got some of those
New Novel
Whoever invented those counterfeit detecting pens was write on the money
When my doctor told me I had "Jeopardy! disorder", I had a lot of answers…The flat earth society has members all around the globe
I dislike the trend of people verbing nouns.The best band is the Police because when they say put your hands up you don't know whether to be excited or scared.
People on my 3rd floor gym take the elevator up then get on a stair climber.
I can’t remember how I did in history class, but I was lost in geography
If you use the word gay in the wrong context, I'm sorry but you're a fucking faggot.I used to plagiarize a lot. I still do, but I used to, too.
If a blind woman tells you your penis is big, she's probably just pulling your legHer simile was as warm as a ray of morning sunlight2016 is the year we found out how long we can live if we started railing coke in the 80s.
I've never shot a gun because that would be a weird targetAll things considered, it was a great radio program.Bingo always ends right as you are about to win.
Pro-life supporters be like, "we've got the world at our fetus."Can you believe they're re-making 9/11 with all female terrorists?
If I were a steak collector, I'd make sure to have rare ones in my collection
recent study has found out that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than men who mention it.
My favorite word is nepotism.In the middle of MMA fights they should stop and have a little hockey game.
My true story about Sex with 3 different girls for 1 monthThe current situation in the US government is completely unpresidented
What I learned from Scooby Doo chase scenes was that when one door closes another one opens
The people in Pompeii were playing a real game of The Floor is LavaSteve Irwin should have worn sun cream. It protects you from harmful rays.
30 second un skipable adds make me less likely to buy a product.
If I had learned anything from tetris, its that if you fit in, you disappear.﻿My cannibal mother always told me that you eat what you are
Integers are pointless.
IAmA professional boxer with dyslexia, MMA!I have AIDS
Everyday is leg day when you're running from your problems.
I was going to tell you a story about my power drill but it would be boring.
Don't live backwards: it's evil.Not many people know this, but I'm famous.We were so poor growing up, we never had enough food. I remember my dad crying. He was in the kitchen cutting up onion. Poor onion. He was such a good dog.My wife says I overuse garbage-related puns, but I refuse to believe her.I was on the road and a girl passed me, texting while driving. I was so pissed off I caught up to her and threw my beer at her.
Today, I intend to take a shotgun to the Y and shoot pool.
He was losing the farting contest but he got a second wind.
11:17 is prime time for an appointment.They have just come out a disorder for people don’t use their imagination; you can make this stuff up
You don’t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving twice.
The skywriting business is looking up
My friend sold me a radio system with the volume stuck all the way up for just ONE dollar; it was a deal I couldn't turn down.My girlfriend asked me if I wanted her to shave before we had sex for the first time; I said no honey, your mustache looks fine.
________________________
You never see elderly midgets because their lifespans are also short.I once had sex on some unlabeled boxes of printer paper.
I only use a single bag in my kitchen trash canA child is the opposite of a condom.Bird-flu needs tweetment, but swine flu needs oinkment.
My girlfriend makes me want to be a better person;
They're called "baristas" because "coffee maker" was already taken.
I spent $300 dollars on a new vacuum and all I can say is the vacuum really sucksThere's a special spot in hell reserved for rapists, paedophiles, and those who call SUVs trucks.
Awww microscopes, they allow us to enjoy the little things in life.
All instruments at my high school were bannedA good steak is rare.
How arе yоu?How’s life?
How have you been?I was wise enough in my youth to do a great number of very foolish thingsHalal restaurants make pie Allah mode
In premature ejaculation contests, he who comes first, comes lastShout out to the sidewalks for keeping me off the streets
And god said unto Moses, "come forth and receive eternal life in heaven" ... But Moses came in fifth, and received a toaster.
It gоеs withоut sауing thаt
I've seen lots of restaurants and bars advertising "BIG GAME!" this week, but I've yet to see a single lion, elephant or rhino on any of their menus.
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bartender here?"When I go, I want to die in my sleep like my father; not screaming in terror like his passengers.Ноw_I_wаs_hеlреd_tо_find_оnlу_sех_in_thе_sitе.Му_rеаl_stоrу_аbоut_3_timеs_with_3_diffеrеnt_girls_fоr_уоu_guуs
I was in the Middle East, and I stole a prosthetic arm, so they cut off my hand.
Му_rеаl_stоrу_аbоut_Sех_with_3_diffеrеnt_girls_fоr_1_mоnthНi
I've got a fireplace but I can't log into it.
A young Christian male with dyslexia walks into Macy's.My real story. I didn’t understand that Internet site can help to find the true girl for sexI did 24andme, and I have Down syndrome.I wonder if Jared is keeping the weight off?
I always knew that my hindsight bias would lead to this.I'll make you an offer you can't refuse. Do you feel lucky punk? Well, do ya? Him, him. Bond, James Bond. Say hello to my little friend. Yippy kayeh motherfucker! I see dead people. Houston we have a problem. Heeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee's Johnny!1 mоnth I’m using this gооd sex dаting wеbsite – I’ve fоund 3 diffetеnt girls whо agreed for sеx with me 3 times
Proper word usage is ironic.
Analyze takes on a whole new meaning in the porn industry
2 in 1 people have multiple personality disorder.I'm always frank with my sexual partners, I wouldn't want them to know my real name.
What kind оf free аnd gоod dating I have сhosen? My first аnd goоd life ехpеriеnсе in the InternеtOne morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
What kind of freе and goоd dating site I have сhosen? My good man experiеnсe in thе Reddit
Cannibals are just people who are fed up with people
Abacus Finch is a number lover!A Freudian architect is an architect with an Edifice complex
Freе-Оnline-Dаting
[FREE JОIN] 100% Free-Seх-Dаting-Wеbsitе. Our girls аrе loоking fоr just frеe-sex. Мembers аre from all ovеr thе wоrld. Dоn't waste anу more timе loоking for frеe-dаting-sites.I have a big dick, it's in my jeans.
I won’t apologize and I’m sorry if you have a problem with that42ºC (107ºF) in Sydney - Soupe du jour was, "Ball"To be Frank, there's no reason to be Curt with me.
This pen that I stole from the bank is off the chain...
1 mоnth I’m using this gооd sех dаting – I’ve found girls who agrеed fоr sехThe kkk was anti union, that's fucked up man.Vegans can't produce cum, as they're not allowed to beat they're meat!The worst part of being so tall is that my jokes go right over most peoples' head
Walked through the park the other day and saw an old man who was feeding the birds. First thing I thought to myself was "I wonder how long he's been dead".
Where would we be without rhetorical questions?To learn sex Ed I did a broad for a semester.
Of all the well hung men I've seen on the internet, Robin Williams is probably the best.
My blind date didn’t see anything in me
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
They say it's tough to deal with ED, but the truth is it never gets hard.What does the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend.... FlushI went to Paris for a semester abroad in high school; I went to their prom, the theme was a night in Denver Colorado.I have some mood brass knuckles for times when I'm not quite sure if I want to beat the fuck out of someone.
All women like their eggs scrambled.
The furniture committee had several chairmenEver notice how sometimes, people use observational humor?I hate when people ask me what im going to be doing in 3 years, like idk man i don't have 2020 vision.Sadly everyone was sad, but luckily everyone was lucky!
Never take rocks for granite.
Sometimes, instead of saying "for example", I'll say something such as "such as" for example.
A screw up can install light bulbIndia has this great free healthcare system for people who break bones, it's called the caste system.She felt a cat lick her foot and smiled, before she realized she never had owned a cat.I may have alzheimers, but at least i don't have alzheimers.
2017 will be a prime year to minimize divisions.
What i do blackes out is none of my business!What do you get when you put root beer in a square cup?
My carbon monoxide detector won’t stop beeping, and its giving me a headache and dizziness and nausea.I've been reading motivational books 14 hours per day.
I heard Chris Brown talks about beating Rihanna in his new album: Chris Brown: All the Hits.
Vacuum puns suck.I've got a terrible fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
One-ply toilet paper gets the thumbs up ...regrettably.
I think you have synaesthesia, do you see what I'm saying?
I was kicked out of my improv group for making a scene.Infertility runs in my family.
Food coloring makes me dye inside.For the record, my new turntable is great!
I'm going to live forever or die trying.Just when you thought 2016 couldn't get any worse. Wham.I used to steal Mitch Hedberg's jokes; I still do, but I used to too.I'm on the whiskey diet, and it must be working well because I've already lost three days.
"The snobbish burglar is running down the stairs" he said, as the condescending con descended.The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.My girlfriend was the first woman kicked out of the louvre, you could say she broke the glass ceiling.
I can't find a release date for the Star Wars: Rogue Two movie.Your mouth spews shit and your anus is stuffed with meat
Rudolph the red nose reindeer teaches kids the important lesson that people don’t like you until they find you’re useful to them
Waiter walks up to a table of Jewish mothers. Asks, "is anything OK?"Penultimate is my second favorite word.A constipated guy walks into a pharmacy and orders something to go...That boy has a 1 bit brain with a parity error.Two wrongs don't make a right but two Wrights make an airplaneWhether or not you like Soylent Green varies from person to person.
I've heard that sex in the the woods is in tents.I read my news like I drink my tequila. With a grain of salt.After Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says W T FJust because there's a goalie, doesn't mean you can't score.I can't figure out why I did not get excepted to college.If you are feeling cold, you should sit in the corner, its 90 degrees.Hitler thought that Germans were the best race by process of elimination.
President-elect Trump stopped attending foreign affairs briefings after discovering that they aren't about sleeping around whenever he leaves the country.I SWEAR TO GOD THERE'S ALWAYS A CAR TAILGATING MY TOW TRUCK.The concept of odourless perfume makes no scents.
I can't do phone sex anymore, because apple removed the headphone jack.
I'm planning on making a device that splits open tiny nuts and seeds and I'm calling it "open sesame"I think I might be adopted, because I really hit it off with this one couple.The result of crossbreeding a melon and a collie produced sad and depressing resultsNew report: Use of elevators on the rise.I was talking to a North-African girl for hours, we just clickedI hear cannibals won't eat clowns. Apparently, they taste a little funny.
Jesus was a crossdresser.
Walls
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?Build a man a fire and he is warm for a night, but set a man on fire and he is warm for life.When you aren't making any sense, it's probably time to find a new job.
When writing, make a bunch of lists; it's good for your colon.There is a new apartment called the Oedipus Complex, everyone and their mom is moving there.
People love my dog, Ophelia, until I tell them to pet her.
Jet lag is a terminal illness.
Doing 69 gave me cancer.You're so full of shit your eyes are brown.
If brains were gasoline, you couldn't drive an ant sized go-kart around the inside of a Cheerio.I made a belt out of wristwatches, but it turned out to be a waist of time.
Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby.
Every time you ingest food coloring, you dye a little inside.Do gay midgets come out of the cabinet?
Hitler had all the Jews wear a yellow symbol of David on their chest, just so he could tell his troops, "Shoot for the stars."You wouldn't know how to pour piss out of a boot if the instructions we're on the heel.
I was distraught after breaking up with my girlfriend, but now I'm slowly coming to grips with myself.
I took a photo while my plane was landing and got arrested for in-descent exposure.I find it breathtaking how some people steal inhalers.Say what you will but I think FDR was the lamest president
How do you organize a space party? You planet.It would be really hard to overdose on viagra.
Run, run as fast as you can, you can't catch me, I'm the gingerbread niggaUsage of musical dynamics idioms has never been my piano.
"Well, that was boring ass fuck.", the porn addict sighed after watching yet another anal scene.
My grandpa smelt toast right before he died from a house fire.
"There are many sides to every issue", I said, in a glowing review of Appetizer Magazine"You're dead to me" is a pick up line to a necrophiliacI don't like to think about the time I worked on the paint counter at a DIY store.
A regular looking buck just took off with my things; I guess you can say it was common deered.A life in politics is full of parties
If security is posted at the Samsung store, does that make them Guardians of the Galaxy?My fucking goddamn parrot has fucking Tourette's.
I read a blog about how bad drinking is for you so I immediately quit reading blogs.Two antennas got married yesterday. The wedding was alright but the reception was terrific.
A missing letter can make a word of difference.I had a home security system, but someone broke in and stole it.Two fortune tellers meet on the street. The first says, "You're fine, how am I?"What does a male-to-female cross-dresser do on his/her birthday? Eat, drink, and be Mary.if a clown got breast implants, would they use sillycone?I'm a libtard didn't you get the email? No? Oh yeah Hillary deleted it! 😂
I ain’t saying you’re fat but your skinny jeans are JNCO’sClub penguin wouldn't be nearly as popular if it was called Club SealIf you can't be positive, just be double negative
I opened a drive thru liquor store, we didn't have many repeat customers.My friend and I started talking about the solar system, it just happened, we didn't planet.
Parallel lines have so much in common, it's a shame they'll never meet. (This is more of a two line joke)What is the science of classifying living things called? Racism
Fountain of Youth jokes never get old.
being single
Jokes about things not getting old get old.Lepers have a great sex life, but after a while it drops off.
If you can't blame a guy for trying, why is attempted murder a crime?I'm so unlucky, I entered a radio contest, and won a year's supply of calendars.
Dorian Gray jokes never get old
No one's perfect, especially you.I used to love birthday punches, until they killed my 93 year old grandpa.All I want is enough financial stability to not get excited about finding change on the ground.They say getting a girl to sleep with you is like winning a game of chess but I prefer to pay with cashThat awesome moment when you get back from vacations and can finally poop in your OWN bathroomI just lost my mood ring... not sure how I feel about this
My wife always wished that she was gifted, so I gave her away.After 1,26 billion of years one isotope of potassium said to another: We are goneI never kiss my girlfriend after oral, no matter who she blows.The sailor who ran Middle Earth's navy was known as the "Aye-Aye of Sauron."Photosynthesis is such a slow process; it doesn't happen overnight.There is no particular reason nuns wear black and white, it's just a habit they have.
I went to see Walt Disney on ice but it's just an old guy in a freezer.
My girlfriend started smoking.War is god's way of teaching Americans geography.
I'd be more apathetic if I weren't so lethargic.
Sapiosexuals make me feel dumb, they're smart fuckers.Fruit truck spills over, create's traffic jam
People who are gluten free get a lot of hate, but I really respect them for going against the grain.Of all the things
I got fired as a hitman; I don’t know why everyone I was told to take out said they had a lovely evening and were willing to go on a second date.
When chemists die they barium.I never burn bridges; I just fail to maintain them, and let them structurally degrade over time.I made my bed every day for a week. Honestly, it seems like a waste of lumber
What do hand grenades and women have in common? - Pull the ring off and the house is goneBrownie a la mode is great, terrorist in allah mode, not so great.A Rabbi walks into a bar mitzvah
When my friend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
I took a public speaking class online.When the Spice Girls reached the height of their popularity they brought on a new member named Pumpkin Spice - she marked the start of the fall.
Google is a better search engine than America Online; us "Onliners" always end up in the wrong place.This book on ignoring insults is so good I can’t put it downI'm buying my wife a wooden leg for christmas. It's not her main present just a stocking filler.I threw a boomerang once and now live in perpetual fear
I shipped a package of food to my old girlfriend because she was hungry. FedEx.Dwarf shortage
A psychic midget escaped from prison, the police said there was a small medium at large.My friend thanked me for the elephant I bought her but told her don’t mention it.
You never know if a man with an eye patch is winking at you or just blinking.It's easy to make friednds when you're a comedian.Confucius said, "He who flies plane upside down has crack up"
If gasoline were brains some folks couldnt run a piss ants go cart two laps around a cherio.With great power comes great electricity bills.I heard a really dark joke about a blackout the other day
You hear about that new broom they just came out with; it's sweeping the nation.My thesaurus is terrible, but it's not only that it's also terrible.
I nailed my Jewish girlfriend so hard she asked why have I forstaken her.My self driving car crashed yesterday, because it wasn't that type of car.As my dad entered the bedroom, turning on the light, I jumped out from under the covers screaming "SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKER"If I had a dollar for every time I've been told I'm racist, black people would try to rob me.
One time in college, I drank enough alcohol to kill a horse, but decided that I was okay with just killing a few stray cats instead.
If you are just happy to be barely breathing, you need bigger aspirations.My new girlfriend likes to call out Pokemon names during sex, I find it a bit Oddish.People who are afraid of child molesters need to grow up.Do you think that when realtors show the last house to potential buyers say "Last and certainly not Leased"?
You know you're getting old, when you get a call girl to your room and you're hoping the massage is good.My wife wanted to make a joke about domestic abuse but I beat her to it.I'm an archaeologist and my life is in ruins
My uncle Jack got stuck on a horse. I had to help my uncle Jack off.
The four-foot tall clansman was a little racist.My name is Joe, but all my friends call me infrequently.
for me, LSD does not really help with a gum boil or a tooth pain
I go to the gym so infrequently I call it the James.It's the little things that count; Fingers and toes, for example.Narrow minded people don't accept flat Earth theories just like there were people who wouldn't believe that the Earth is round.
I joined a country club: the U.N.Thinking about buying some tribal land but I have a few reservations
stay positive to the last day of your lifeSome people have a way with words, others not have way.Knowing how to pick locks has really opened a lot of doors for meWhy do BMWs have turn signals?
Say what you want about deaf people
I had a wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
I always use two forms of birth control, condoms, and abstinence.I had a bad audition, but I acted like I didn't care.
I've said 'I've said it before and I'll say it again' before, and I'll say 'I've said it before and I'll say it again' againBudweiser can't afford the company's private plane this year. It's just not in the budget.
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience."Good morning, Urology department. Can you hold?"
I had to pay a fine to keep from being put in jail for solicitation of a bribeSony is an Old Asian Stereotypeon my way to the gym I saw a girl eating chips. how stupid have kids become to be eating chips so early in the morning without a beerJust bought some aftershave that smells like breadcrumbs, the birds love itI had to take my sausage dog back to the pet shop yesterday, the sausages he made are disgusting
Flavored condoms taste good, until they break.My vocabulary is Lilliputian.You can't run through a campground; you can only ran, because it's passed tents.
Apparently taking a day off is not something you should do when you work for a calendar company.Using an umbrella when there isn’t a cloud in the sky seem a bit shady to meMan, choking on sugar seems like the sweetest way to die!Some people live their lives according to a code. So do I -- Morse code.
most valued gifts are those you make yourself. like methInsects really bug me.Gorilla memes are doing the Cincinnati Zoo more Harambe than good
The worst type of birth control, is eugenics.Either they're doing construction in my apt building or the lesbian couple downstairs are having the time of their lives.When my friend told me he's finally going to watch Back to the Future, I told him it's about time.a recent poll showed that 4 out of 5 people enjoy gang bangsI've got to admit, when I said that I lied in my confession, that wasn't only the truth.
The man who fell into the upholstery machine is now recovered.
Death is hereditary.All the psychics I go to are either too depressing or too angry, when all I'm looking for is a happy medium.
The impulse to sing The Lion Sleeps Tonight is just a whim away.
How do the Malaysians get to the Olympics with no planes.I can't watch football anymore cause touchdowns are offensive.I caught a fish on my first attempt and figured I was a natural, turns out it was just a flukeDon't buy anything at a dry goods store with a leaky roofI shit in Hondas like it's my Civic dutyAs I said before, I never repeat myself.I'm creating oneliners about the apocalypse like there's no tomorrow.
I'm starting a business, I have a 9-5 job available, so if you know any kids that age.I’m a pescatarian, I’m like a vegan, but I eat a ton of shark fin soup.That Toad from Mario sure is a real FUN GUY!Last weekend we went to a very emotional wedding, even the cake was in tiers.
I would be so lost without my GPS
My body is a temple, because 100s of Jews have been in it.
Me and my receding hairline? We go way back.I hate being bipolar.. it's awesome!
My conjoined twin and I are not as close as we used to be, I guess we are just different people nowI've failed maths so many times I can't even count
Autocorrect can QUACK MY DUCKViolent video games make kids violent? Do sports video games make kids athletic?
What did the drummer/internet marketer say after hearing a fantastic one liner?Did you know, that in a blind taste test, 90% of people said that all blind people taste the same?Never judge a song by its cover.The Power Rangers were the only organization in history that desired to recruit teenagers with attitudeMy girlfriend asked me if I wanted her to shave before we had sex for the first time; I said no honey, your mustache looks fine.Do you know what apple calls their new sprinkler system? iDew.If Apple made VR, it would be called eyeOS.'I see' said the blind man to the deaf man, walking round the corner and bumping into the lamppost.I have a fear of commitment, I can't even commit suicide.Does it still count as necrophilia if you're dead inside?I can't wait to ask for the WIFI password at my hotel in Australia so I can say "I come for the LAN down under"...A man died having sex today - at least he died doing what he loved.I initially didn't like having long nails, but they're growing on me.I can’t stop thinking I might have hypochondria.
Ceiling fans blow my mind.Missing children are a lost cause.
I'm trying to find out how many people hate taking surveys, I don't know how to do it.See-saws don’t live a balanced life.The ocean is salty because land doesn't wave back.My Indian friend has been trying to convert me to his religion... he's really starting to make me Sikh.I have the attention span of aI'm going to name my pet: peeve.Life and Limbo start with the same letters.I made a vaccine for autism.
Jokes about the menstrual cycle aren't funny...Period!!!If they invented shorts first, would we call pants longs?Farmer: Is my pig gonna be okay? Vet: Yes, just apply the oinkment. I ham so sorry. I don't know what's bacon me say these things
My goddamn fucking parrot has fucking Tourette’s.TIL: If your inflatable sex doll starts crying it's not developing feelings for you, it just needs emptying
I killed two birds with one stone, then I was kicked out of the National Wildlife Reserve.One of my personalities has a multiple personality disorder
The shooter in Orlando shot up a nightclub, we know it was malevolent because everybody already had their hands up.I think vibrators should be illegal. god made adam and eve not florence and the machine
Today, 6/19/16, is the most confusing day in the ghettoDuck autocorrectMasturbating with lube gets out of hand.I'm schizophrenic and so am II didn't learn what the word precocious meant until I was in my 30s
I took a crash course on airplane flying.
Male-on-male rape is an anus crime.I opened an issue of Popular Mechanics, but I started getting bummed out by how many friends all these mechanics hadA sperm bank is the only bank where you make a deposit and lose interest.
There are no rivers in Egypt.
I'll never forget the time I slapped Dwayne Johnson's ass, I hit rock bottom.
I've been known to make menstruation puns periodically.I bought one size fits all underwear, it only fit 3 people!I've had short term memory loss for as long as I remember.
Have your heard the one about the conductor that touched the third rail?____________________________________If I objectify and beat my girlfriend, is it substance abuse?"I came as quickly as I could!" said the Premature Ejaculation Man.
Pro-Life Tip: Don't get an Abortion(Air Horn)... (Another airhorn)My marriage involves a lot of give and take...
There's no I in denialIf i dance with a polish girl, does it counts as a pole dancing?Me getting up voted is like spelling weigh with an "f"...
Right before he died, the drive-by victim told the medic that he had shooting painsHow do you not know what orphans want, it’s apparent.My doctor asked me about my sexual history, I told him to talk to the hand.
Australians don't have sex. Australians mate.Metaphors are my kryptonite.I wanted to tell a gay joke, but fuck it.I sponsor an alcoholic; I pay for his bar tab.
I am a sex symbol, I symbolize no sex.
I combined all my wrist watches to make a belt.Complementary food always makes me smile
I used to be a successful doctor...I was raised by a single mom...and a single dad one of each.
I never arrive on time, but i do cum early.If I were a tiny bit more humble, I'd be perfect
[insert loud fart here] followed by - "Did anyone just here what that ASSHOLE said?"I’m addicted to time travelling, I’m taking it one day at a time.My rice got wet, so I put it in a bowl of rice.
A pessimist's blood type is always B-negativeI thought my in-laws were criminals but that would make them outlaws.Every time I read a film is rated R for "brief sexuality", I assume there's a sex scene but the guy doesn't last long
I take a class called binary code 101.I was voted "Most Likely to Rig a School Election."As my grandfather always said, "the day I can't do my job drunk is the day I turn in my badge and gun."
How many dyslexics does it change to take a lightbulb?
I wonder if in a school for witches, school shooters come in with a water gun.I was kicked out of my improv group for making a scene.The two most common fears are fear of public speaking and fear of death, which makes eulogies really scary.How many light bulbs does it take to screw in a dyslexic person.
it took me a long time to realize I was a slow learnerI'm schizophrenic, and so am I.
I ground up some chalk to soften the blow.
If an alcoholic man beats his wife, is she considered beer battered?If I was a cashier, I'd make them pay; I'D MAKE THEM ALL PAY!!!I didn't find the stud finder, it found me
My friend told me a race war was starting, but I'm a pacifist and I had to leave the country so I just told her I'd be white black.I think it’s wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.My 2016 list of Oneliners thus far....When someone gets something wrong on Jeopardy, does Alex Trebek question his own answer?
Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that, who cares? He's a mile away, and you've got his shoes!If you kill someone during an earthquake, is it murder by default?My cousin just died. He was only 19. He got stung by a bee - -the natural enemy of a tightrope walker.For some people, counting isn't as easy as 1, 3, 4Like most people my age I'm 20 years oldI beat my wife up this morning because she took sleeping pillsy = mx + bBreastfeeding is draining
My friend recently won an award for being the laziest kleptomaniac. You really have to hand it to him...The trouble with communist jokes are that they are funny only if everyone gets it.
My girlfriend and I just watched the fifth element, and it sure was boron
I had this great joke about Jonestown but the punchline was too long.I'll give you my books only if you're not a void function.There's a new Ted Talk about procrastination, I've been meaning to watch it for a while now.If you did me a favor, and I paid you back in cephalopods is that Squid pro quo ?I'd love to an actor, but I'd always forget the... oh what's the word.
Dr. Pepper is a Dr. but what kind, probably a fizzsicist
Justice is- A rapist who gets an erectile dysfunctionEveryone seems to think the world about freedom these days. While ate the same time, the world is a gain prison in the form of a planet.
Just ask Tommy... Hilfiger it out.
"My bad" is the same as "I'm sorry" unless you're at a funeral.I threw an orgy last night, but nobody came.I was going to tell my friend a joke about a Black Hole but it didn't matter.I tried to read a book on autocannibalism but the author was too full of himself.When I was young I studied a broadThe best damn decision I've made all day was looking in the mirror and calling myself a nigger lover.I'm terrible at self-deprecation.
I have a joke about dramatic irony, I just can't tell you
I could use some help: I want to write a haiku, but I don't know how.
What do you call a Spanish comedian who tells short, single sentence jokes?how much can you eat?
What does American beer and sex in a canoe have in common?My wife was gangraped by a group of mimes...
I was told I have to put my grandma in a home, because she'll die, living out on the street
Most of Pareto's Law came from Pa
One a scale of 1 to 10, how much are you a black and white thinker?I dont follow tradition and neither did my father or his father before him
유부녀와 유부남의사랑 sh1vbpI don't think I need a spine. It's holding me back.
What was Forest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"It's pointless to debate when the candidates' arguments are rooted in phallacy.I tried neutering a whale but it was horribly orcastrated.I hate it when people use big words to make themselves sound perspicacious.I measure my coffee intake in units of the LD50.
I always bust out the premature ejaculation jokes a lil too early.Being addicted to cigarettes is a real drag, man.Biggie Smalls was an oxymoron.Zika? Who doesn't like a little head?Wherever you go, there you areMy room is not a mess...
The guy that did my circumcision was so good, I left him a tipNo matter how kind you are, German children are kinder.Why did Supreme Judge Scalia die? I thought he was pro-life?Geology rocks!I'm so angry about terrorism that I'm going to boycott using Arabic numerals!Roses are Red, Violets are blue. Its Time to Elect, a Socialist Jew.
I hate my mom because she always smothers me with hugs.
Shout out to people who don't know what the opposite of in is!Dating IS a lot like blackjack. I'm trying for 21 but hitting on 14 [NSFW]LED there be light!A man went to a doctor and told him he had 3 horses up his butt. The doctor confirmed he's in a stable conditionHow do you keep an idiot in suspense?...
Apparently Rick Astley is already struggling with lent.I was voted "most likely to travel back in time" class of 2045.
The great thing about Karma is you can go in the street and randomly punch somebody and be sure he deserved it.
Want to know how to disappoint somebody?To say, "half of one, six dozen of the other," is to make a gross error.They stole my mood ring, and I don't know how to feel about it.Sic Semper Omnes.
My friend's friend is my friend. My friend's girlfriend is my friend. My friend's boyfriend is just a scum.Have you heard the joke about the baby with AIDS?
The United States is an ObamanationTrump has no Cruz controlMake sure never to use low octane fuel- it can make your engine retarded.I saw a sign that said Falling Rocks so I tried and it didn't.if Donald Trump gets elected there'll be hell toupee
I like to go to the library and ask the clerk: I'm looking for a book called "How to deal with rejection without killing." ... Do you have it?Bad comic book knowledge is to me as kryptonite is to spidermanEverything I say is a lieBlanket statements are NEVER good.camping is for all in tents and purposes outside_______________________________________I have huge aspirations; I'm almost certain that I can hold my breath for about 5 minutes.
Wit is like a novelty hat; it's there for amusement and usually goes over the heads of idiots.
Hitler had a thing for Punjabi women, he did every Singh he could.
I had to fold on my dream to open my own tailoring business because my plans were income pleat and hanging on a thread.Shoutout to toilets, for dealing with my crap this whole time.
Abortion really brings out the kid in you"No comments! And don't quote me on that"Welcome to the Entropy Bar, may I take your order?
I'll get sick if I continue working as a doctor.
So I threw up in my trashcan, but it was a mesh trashcan.
She had more plastic surgery than a stable of Korean Pop IdolsTrump, if elected, will ban coffee imports because it's Arabica.Negro Reacts To Being Called Ugly For First Time
The eccentric CEO made Colonel Walter Kurtz look like Fred Astaire.Whats Ugly About Black Power Apart From The FacesOne fifth of people are just too tense!
Electronic banking reduces white trash.If a midget with down syndrome shows up late for work is it ok to say she's a little tardy?I'm wearing 2 watches so I can have a lot of time on my hands
Nothing works better than HomeopathyIf you don't believe something incredible you won't do the impossible, and by incredible I mean "sounds like a stinkin lie".I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.
If women were like chess pieces there would be no warI've got a good knock knock joke, you start.
People in wheelchairs are so lame.tfw americans think it's 1/1/2016 but it's actually 1/1/2016.Oxidation is the reason I have rust issues.
You may call me a pessimist, but I don't see 2016 lasting more than 12 months.Pick-up Artists and Garbagemen should switch job titlesShouldn't life insurance really be called death insurance?
Shouldn't the family planning section of drug stores be called family prevention?I can't imagine anything more painful than watching childbirthLaziness: doing things properly the first time.Plungers are like back-ups.I cannot see the word Cosplay without thinking someones getting roofied.
This guy was going on and on about the dangers of hoverboards...
This should be a short day.We don't negotiate with terrorists...except for the price of the weapons we are selling them.Jokes with punch lines can be painfully funny.I drink so i don't get addicted to sobriety
I went to the zoo the other day and the only exhibit they had was of a dog. It was a shit zoo.The hardest part of being happy in the 1920's was telling your parents you're gay.An untalented gymast walks into a bar
There is too many cutscenes in the saw video game!
Soo the hotel maid walked in on me naked...Someone asked me where I see myself in 5 years. I couldn't answer because I don't have 2020 vision.I'm not gay, I hate the taste of dick.
Andre The Giant was always a man I looked up to.Ñ is pig latin for ¥
People say cocaine is addictive, bullshit I've been doing it for nearly 20 years now, I should know.
Sometimes I hate being Bi-Polar. It's awesome.2 boys get stopped by a cop one for trying to eat a battery the other for sticking fireworks up his butt, one gets charged, the other gets let off.
In life you wanna be the taint, somewhere between a total pussy and a complete assholeMy gran once had a bad stroke, so i screamed at her "its not fucking good enough" and pushed her into the bunkerJared from Subway said he loved having sex with twenty eight year olds.I'll bet you 40 bucks I have a gambling problem.
I plan on opening a feminist co-op collective specializing in Jewish antiquities, and calling it Labia Menorah.
There's only 21 mass shootings til Christmas.Make American Bern again
All the kids in the school had a name, but notI always keep an extra box of beer around, just in case.
You should make like a wine bottle and screw off.Pineapples have the best haircut of any fruitMake like a tree and fuck offThese giant squid jokes are kraken me up!
I tried having sex on a railroad track, but the train came first.My wife bought a pressure cooker, now I eat off the ceiling.
You don't need a parachute to skydive, but you do if you want to skydive twice.The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.Crossfit was Jesus' preferred form of exercise.I make apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.Did you know you can swim in lava? But only once.
I put up a high-voltage electric fence around my property over the weekend, my neighbour is dead against it
I once bought my kid a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying “Toys not included.”
Most of the jobs a tiler does are 'on the house'.“Just because you can’t dance, doesn’t mean you shouldn’t dance.” —Alcohol
I once took a midnight swim in one of the great lakes. It was Erie.At what age do you think it’s appropriate to tell a highway it’s adopted?
People using umbrellas always seem to be under the weather.Enunciation is not my forty.In a shocking revelation, HIV has just announced that it is Charlie Sheen positive.
What do you call a hot Muslim?Dyslexics untie!
Of all the terrorists, suicide bombers are the most invested.I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool, so I gave him a glass of water.
Velcro: what a rip offFat people have chips on their shoulders.
The best things in life are free (plus shipping and handling)I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.A camel can work 10 days without drinking, but I can drink 10 days without working.
My grandma told me her joints are getting weaker, so I told her to roll them tighter.
When my father was upset with me he use to slowly count to ten. Then he would pull my head out of the water.I want to die like my grandfather in his sleep, not like his screaming passengers
My brother peed in the bed so much, he had to wear a life jacket to bed.
Wow, I'm famished...I haven't had dinner since yesterday...You know what's free?
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.Once, I forgot to replace \r\n with <br/> in an HTML document.
February can't March, but April May.
A friend of mine told me he did a stand up comedy routine from bed. He was lying.
This is an A B conversation so why don't you C your way out before D and E F you up G.When I can't find a girl to hook up with, I go fucking nuts.
You're like eggshells in an omelette.
My friend fell and broke his left arm and left leg... He said he was all right.Your momma is soo fat...
This has always been one of my favorites...There's 3 types of people in this world; those who can count and those who can't.
I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust
6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.Been eating aircraft recently, it's a bit plane.Trying anal sex didn’t just make my day, it made my hole weak!
I wish people would stop asking me where I think I'm going to be in 5 years, I don't have 2020 vision.Your girl
Every problem is as big as we make it to be...I'm looking for a vitamin to supplement my income.
The new dating trend for serial killers is "Netflix and kill".I was addicted to the Hokie Pokie but I turned myself around.
I often say to myself "I can't believe that cloning machine worked".I Don't always Lose My Phone but when I do it's always on SilentIt must be really hard for pedophiles to fit in.
An apostrophe followed by the letter "S" can be used to show possession, which is confusing when it's yours.My roommates are concerned that i'm using their kitchen utensils, but that's a whisk i'm willing to take.
When asked why he went vegan, the zombie responded that it was "a no-brainer"WTF is an initialism.Being dead is something everyone's gotta try at least once.I don't need a wingman when I go out; kamikazes fly alone.
She threw her vibrator on the subway tracks but the train didn't come any faster.Turning vegan is a big missed steakIf my grandma ever found out she was part of my necrophilia experiments, she'd be turning in her grave!
Right off the bat, I had problems with baseball.Favorite singer surprises girl with cancerA minute ago, my hexadecimal calculator's display was faded, but now it's dead.How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None.I had two jokes about prime factors, but they were one and the same.The two secrets to success are to never tell anyone everything you know.
I keep meaning to stop procrastinating.I got wood in a hopeless place
I hit on this girl and then got arrested.
I asked the wife succinctly when we could have an evening where we make blanket forts, She said two weeksWhat did Ahmed say about his sudden fame after building a clock?
I’ll never forget my first love what’s her name.I know she ate a worm but we are not here to debate de bait deb ateThey say "out of sight, out of mind", but there are plenty of people who are still crazy even when you're looking directly at them.When my boss told me to stop standing on one leg I had to put my foot down.A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
I love the F5 key. It's just so refreshing!
'Yosemite' is how I greet my Jewish friends.Masturbation sometimes comes in handy...Don't ever get into an argument over the correct usage of the word "whom" with an owl. It's fucking exasperating.'Yesterday, I went to the zoo. There was only one dog there, it was a shitzu.'
If a nun does something bad, does she get denunced?Trump 2015How many drugs do I have to do to pass the drug test?Binary - it's as easy as 01, 10, 11
I have a thousand pound Rolex that I never wear because it's too heavy.
I'm posting this from my iPhone, and it's at 10%, so I should be able to post this entire joI wanted to build the world's tallest building, but then I found out someone already did it
Federal judge deals blow to marijuana activistsI once was diagnosed with memory lossI tried doing stand-up comedy, but I was laughed off the stageIt's time we assertively pontificate reliable alignments to competently facilitate equity invested human capital.
Doggy-style, now that is a position I can get behind!Full of myself and I'm still hungry.
I bet meteorologists make great smalltalk.I can't stand being in a wheelchair
I hate topical humor, but I'm Straight Outta JokesYou know you drink too much Red Bull..."Force Friday" sounds more like Bill Cosby's weekend than a day to release Star Wars toys.My favorite superhero is Female.
If I had $1 for every terrible joke in this thread...I don't usually tell gay jokes, but fuck it!I asked a few Buzzfeed employees how much the Mona Lisa is worth and their answers were priceless!
I will change my facebook profile name to "nobody," so that when I see a stupid post, I'll like it, and it will say, "nobody likes this post."
Tea is for mugs.3 cameras, 7 diapers, lets make a porno
I only exaggerate once every million years.Shout out to all the people wondering what the opposite of in is.
The sun is a space heater.if i had a dollar for ever girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractiveI'd tell you a UDP joke but I'm not sure you'll get it.
Asexuals don't fuck aroundI don't do any more drugs...I don't do any less drugs either.
If I got 5 cents for every time someone said "I love you", I'd have 5 cents. Thanks mom.Pardon My French, but I surrender.My friend started a band called 1024 MB, but he's only gotten one gig so far.Don't let gravity get you down.
My friend said, "Bye, bye U.S.A. when he moved to Australia," and I said it's just S.A.,
My local bar is like masturbation. The first time i went it was amazing, then I realized I'd been there every night for the past year, which is kinda depressing.
Country music is a lot like heroin. I know it's popular, but I'm still really surprised when I meet someone that's into it.Winner of "World's Loneliest Man" at award ceremony has no one to thank
Keep your distanceWhoever invented knock-knock jokes should get a no-bell prize.
Man in boxers leads police on brief chaseIf I don't change my underwear I'll extend my streak.
I nailed my Jewish girlfriend so hard she turned Christian.
My grandma is on speed dial and now I call her instagram.BREAKING NEWS: A man who took an Airline company to court after his luggage went missing has lost his case.Carbon monoxide is really a laughing matter.Anti-vaxxers are missing the point.While eating a lamb sandwich, I looked deeply into my wife's eyes and said, "I love ewe!"
I'm hung like Saddam Hussein
Just bought a pet chameleon!Getting Head Sucks.If the devil ever goes bald, there could be hell toupe.I doubt vodka is the answer, but its worth the shot.
I live so far inland that I thought a jet-ski was a Polish aircraft.I went to the store to pick up 8 two liters of sprite. I got home and realized I'd picked 7 Up.
영화 위험한 상견례2 토렌트 토렌트
어우동 주인없는꽃 토렌트 Bluray 어우동 주인없는꽃 다시보기 720p DVD 다운
An Irishman walks out of a barDrilling holes is boring
다시보기 청춘FC 150801 토렌트 토렌 Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV 청춘FC 4회 토렌트다시보기 쇼미더머니 시즌4 150731 토렌트 토렌 Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV
다시보기 정글의법칙 히든 킹덤 150731 토렌트 토렌 Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV 정글의법칙 150731 토렌트
720p MKV 암살 토렌트 토렌 Torrent Comprehensive 720p HD
다시보기 가면 150730 토렌트 토렌 Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV
애정통일 남남북녀 시즌2 3회 150731 3화 토렌트 720p 1080p HD Full 애정통일 남남북녀 시즌2 3회 150731 3화 다시보기 애정통일 남남북녀2 150731 토렌트
터미네이터 제니시스 토렌트 토렌 Torrent DVD 1080p 720p HD Full HD DVD 1080p MKV[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌4 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌4 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 트루 블러드 시즌7 1화 - 10화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 트루 블러드 시즌7 1화 - 10화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
가이드 2화 토렌트 720p 1080p HD Full 가이드 2화 다시보기 150730
[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌5 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌5 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 브레이킹 배드 시즌1 1화 - 7화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 브레이킹 배드 시즌1 1화 - 7화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌7 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌7 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 브레이킹 배드 시즌2 1화 - 13화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 브레이킹 배드 시즌2 1화 - 13화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌1 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌1 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌3 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌3 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌2 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌2 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌8 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌8 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
[한글자막] 덱스터 시즌6 1화 - 12화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 덱스터 시즌6 1화 - 12화 (전편) 다시보기 다운
Give a man a hamburger and you feed him for a day; teach a man to hamburgle and you feed him for a lifetime.Donald Trump.
My buddies are all prune farmers, and with friends like that, who needs enemas?
[한글자막] 한자와 나오키 1화 - 10화 (전편) 토렌트 HD 720p 한자와 나오키 1화 - 10화 (전편) 다시보기 다운What do you call a lawyer with an IQ of 50?There is something wrong with the law, I think it's broken.
I've been to the dentist a thousand times. I know the drill.Life as a yo-yo has its ups and downs.
I had dinner with Vlad the Impaler last night. He served me a steak. Tell you what, it went right through me.My penis and bank account have very little in common7/11 was a part time jobWomen can't get enough of my small penis.If I had a nickel for every time I had sex I would be a prostitute.
I came into a lot of money recently...which is weird, because I usually use a paper towel.
I'm edgier than a sphere on opposite day
If I asked you to have sex with me, would the answer to that question be the same as the answer to this one?On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you needI saw a sign that said falling rocks so I tried and it doesn't.
I am so tried of auto correct jokesI, for one, like Roman numeralsI've got a conjoined twin but we're not that close.
I went this this dirty public toilet the other day...You measure a Lego minifigures footsize in square feet."Practice makes perfect, but nobody's perfect, so why practice?"My dad used to tell me: "Practice does not make perfect, it makes it permanent"And the Lord said unto John: "Come forth and receive eternal life", but John came fifth and won a toasterWhen women wear bikinis, men are considerate enough to only look at the covered parts.More like Megan needs a Trainor...I wanted to create a subreddit to help motivate people but I couldn't be bothered.Guy walks into a bar...
Napoleon may not have designed the coat he wore but he did have a hand in it.Being gay before the invention of lube must have been a pain in the ass.As a color blind individual, I don't get the celebratepride thing Facebook is doing....all I see is an ad for 50 Shades of Grey.The European debt crisis is so confusing, it's like Greek to me.Is there anything worse than having a conversation turn awkward because of an auto-erect?When I found my doppelgänger, I was beside myself with joy.My girlfriend says I'm too skeptical... but I just don't believe her.
"Why's it called dry humping if I always need a towel after?"Happy Father's day...motherfuckers.
Do you think Rachel Dolezal is going to church tomorrow?What part of "Sorry, I don't speak Chinese" don't you understand?
I'm writing a book and need your help, it's a telephone book and it needs your number
I hit a milestone, now I'm not surprised why they switched to regular street signs so they don't cause so much damage to the front of your vehicle.I've got a good knock-knock joke, but you have to start
I took a picture of some poop with my phone, but the quality was really shitty.She was only a prostitute. But she had the nicest face I ever came across.The hardest tests are the ones you don't study forMy phone doesn't do 3G or 4G, so I'm living life on the Edgeif you type google.com/r/maps instead of google.com/maps you may be a redditor.... so the goalie said "Get the puck outta here"Is nickname short for Nickolasname?The only thing less funny than self deprecating humor is me.My wife and I were happy for twenty years...I don't get the point to curved TV's
I shot a man with a paintball gun just to watch him dyeI'm going to tell you about procrastination.I can make you say how
My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles' elbow.
Prepositions are not words to end a sentence with.
I just saw Bruce Jenner.A backward poet writes inverse.Technophobes won't get this joke.A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mopThe postal service is a mail-dominated industry.Linguists love ambiguity more than most people.
I put the sexy in dyslexia.I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
My Lynch Victims Anonymous meeting was postponed an hour
Jokes for my kids' lunchesA cannibal passed his friend in the woods.
What keeps an idiot in suspense?
I used to be super conceded, but now im perfect.'I' before 'E' except after 'C' is a weird ruleDid you hear about the Egyptian who refused to accept that he'd fallen in the river? He was in de Nile.There's something odd about the back of my hand but I can't put my finger on it.
I never understood odourless chemicals. They just don't make scents.
Two maggots are arguing in dead Earnest.
Without nipples, tits are pointless
Ladies and gentlemen: If I could say a few words... I'd be a better public speaker.
Dwarves and midgets have very little in common.Dough kneads to be kneaded.
I hate people who make generalizations. They're all hypocrites.My favorite band, Pangea, broke up.
Using an ATM, doesn't make cents.went out for drinks with a human cloning researcher, when I woke up I was beside myself.Grow old or die trying.
I have so little will power that I give up even on watching training montages.Ever since I've installed Adblock, all the single girls in my area seem to have lost interestI'm not dyspraxic, I get my rights and lefts right every time.
I dont understand how you can have a failed suicide, i mean.. it blows my mindMy psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
If I were just a little more humble, I'd be perfect.